What did the grape say when it got stepped on? Nothing - but it let out a little whine.
Some people's noses and feet are built backwards: their feet smell and their noses run.
If you step onto a plane and recognize a friend of yours named Jack don't yell out Hi Jack!
The cannibal's cookbook titled 'How to Better Serve your Fellow Man' was written by a guy who had a wife and ate kids.
Talking to her about computer hardware I make my mother board.
Show me someone in denial and I'll show you a person in Egypt up to their ankles.
California is the land of earthquakes and suntans or 'shake and bake'.
What is the best store to be in during an earthquake? A stationery store.
A restaurant decided to serve submarine sandwiches but later went under.
Every so often railroad conductors have to go for retraining.
Nurses who give shots do a great job but sometimes get paid a measle-y salary.
A family named woods has a large family tree. You often can't see the tree for the woods.
There was once a cross-eyed teacher who couldn't control his pupils.
There was a guy who was fired from the orange juice factory for lack of concentration.
The detective who went to investigate a burned down post office figured that it must be blackmail.
Did you know that donuts were first made in Greece?
A man who rode in a carpool felt sick whenever they passed under a certain tunnel. His doctor diagnosed this as carpool tunnel syndrome.
A guy with money to burn may well find a gal who wants to play with fire.
A guy who crosses the ocean twice without a shower is a dirty double crosser.
Sunglasses for sailors had better be seeworthy.
When the unemployed actor got a job with a demolition company he finally brought down the house.
College bred is a four-year loaf made out of the old man's dough.
The man who worked in the gum factory fell in a vat of bubblegum. His boss had to chew him out.
A lady woke up not very hungry after having a roll and a turnover in bed.
A beer recipe is a kind of brew-print.
A bird with a headache might just migrane south.
Home page: when your family makes your beeper go off.
You pay your psychiatrist with a sanity check.
A career choice for kids who just like to sit around and make faces would be a watchmaker.
Chop up an old piano and you will get a cord of wood.
The inventor of chewing gum soon bubbled his money.
I like European food so I decided to Russia over there because I was Hungary. After Czech'ing the menu I ordered Turkey. When I was Finnished I told the waiter 'Spain good but there is Norway I could eat another bite'.
Local Area Network in Australia: the LAN down under.
When the waiter was asked if crabs were served in his restauraunt he replied - oh yes ... we serve anybody!
If you swallow uranium you will probably get atomic ache.
When the glassblower inhaled he got a pane in the stomach.
A policeman accidentally arrested a judge who had dressed as a convict for a costume party. That cop learned never to book a judge by his cover.
A cat ate some cheese and waited for a mouse with baited breath.
Acupuncture is a jab well done.
Old programmers never die, they just can't C as well.
To spot a glacier you have to have good ice sight.
The designers of jeans are always looking at the bottom line.
Con-census: counting the prison population.
People who like yogurt are well cultured.
What did the nice girl say when her date invited her home to see his stamp collection? 'Philately will get you nowhere'.
Hotel owners usually have suite dreams.
After getting his master's degree - Bob got a job as a postman - reconciling that he was still a man of letters.
High jumpers should do well at the olympics because it's always on a leap year.
For a criminal, a change is not as good as arrest.
Sign at a place where you lose weight: 'Stop Look and Lessen'.
A dentist named Phil McCavity always quit work at tooth-hurtie.
A group of physicists is called a nucleus.
A small boy swallowed some coins and was taken to a hospital. When his grandmother telephoned to ask how he was a nurse said 'No change yet'.
It wasn't school John disliked it was just the principal of it.
My wife works over-thyme in her herb garden before she decides it is time to cummin.
To many girls the word 'marriage' has a nice ring to it.
An unusual medical book is one which has no appendix.
A soldier never made it back to his base because he had driven his jeep into AWOL.
A lovely lady who lost her watch became a timeless beauty.
Outdoor lights were put up at a golf course - for people who liked swinging nightclubs.
A lot of shady characters are waiting for their day in the sun.
The manufacturers of dynamite do a booming business.
Old mechanics never die, they just re-tire.
With everything you read about spray cans and the ozone layer it's enough to scareosol to death.
The coffee around here is break fluid.
When the rangers argue at Yellowstone Park the geyser always blowing their tops.
The first drinking establishment in Alaska was a polar bar.
Next time you get a lawyer a drink give him just-ice.
At a company where they dig for gold a labor dispute is a miner problem where no one wants to get the shaft.
There was a fireman who kept going back to college and finally got third degree burnout.
Stocks and bonds really hold people down.
A cardboard belt would be a waist of paper.
Farmers are real experts - they are often outstanding in their field.
If we don't conserve water we could go from one ex-stream to another.
Sign on a music store window: 'Come in and pick out a drum -- then beat it!'
Golf is a lot like taxes - you drive hard to get to the green and end up in the hole.
A talkative politician was the world's first passenger side air-bag.
A father got blazing mad when he found a fire set by his boy behind their house and said 'I don't want arson doing things like that.'
Are you wearing your golfer's socks? The pair with a hole in one.
Doctors are never perfect because they are always practicing and they need a lot of patients.
Ever tried honeymoon salad? It's lettuce alone.
I was going to go sailing and went shopping for a hat but started to reconsider when they gave me a stern look and asked for my capsize.
A detective likes to have a brief case.
Old bakers never die, they just keep making lots of dough.
Sitting in the sun last summer a lot of people became well-red.
A family with four boys and a history of weak eyes found son-glasses very expensive.
When the spice ships used to bring goods to the king the captain was peppered with compliments.
At a flower show the first prize is often a bloom ribbon.
A fisher named Annette really got caught up in her work.
Ben and Eileen Dover got married and almost died on their honeymoon crossing a high footbridge. 'I leaned over' she explained while what did he do? 'Bend over'.
After a long trek through the wilderness sleeping in a creek bed I was happy to get back home to my creaky bed.
Seven days without a pun makes one weak.
It's better to love a short girl than not a tall.
A scientist doing a large experiment with liquid chemicals was trying to solve a problem when he fell in and became part of the solution.
Don't expect to eat something fancy when you're flying because it's plane food.
A husband with little English struggled to explain that his wife could not have children, saying 'she is unbearable'. Getting a blank stare he tried: 'she is impregnable'. Then finally he figured he had it: 'she is inconceivable!'
Soon after Sam and Ella got married they experienced food poisoning.
A tatoo artist has designs on his clients.
At some executive meetings there is a chairman of the bored.
If your dad's sisters are construction workers you might call them carpenter aunts.
Some people are on seefood diets: they see food ... they eat it.
Two lovers who had been apart for some time were reunited on a foggy day. One whispered to the other 'I mist you'.
If every car in the country were white you would live in a white carnation.
A library should have several floors because it is a multi story building.
Some cooks have a shellfish attitude.
If they say you look good in glasses that would be an optical allusion.
There was an eye doctor who wanted to re-locate but couldn't find a job because he didn't have enough contacts.
Why was six afraid of seven? Because seven eight nine.
There was a snake that gave birth to a bouncing baby boa.
They tried to hand it to me as a clock maker but I just couldn't face it.
A lot of big delivery companies are always trying to courier favour.
If you want a metal dog leash go to a chain store.
Two peanuts were walking in a tough neighborhood and one of them was a-salted.
Britain is a wet place since the queen has had a long reign.
Employed by his jailbird father-in-law a guy soon realized that when an inlaw works for an outlaw -- income depends on outcome.
If you saw a bear foot in the woods it would give you paws for concern.
Rumors about the army often have a kernel of truth to them but not in a major way and generally aren't private.
Lawyers wear law suits.
If you're a gardener you might call yourself a 'plant manager'.
If you go for a job interview at a rubber stamp company try to make a good impression.
Birds dont mind fowl weather in fact they usually find it just ducky.
Some diets cause a gut reaction.
Our country's olympic swimming program has quite a talent pool.
Those who study tornadoes have twistered minds.
A book called 'Current Trends in Wiring your House' turned out to be a shocking failure.
Have an optometrist run for president, because they are people of vision.
Computers at breakfast food companies use serial i/o.
If there's one person you don't want to interrupt in the middle of a sentence it's a judge.
Hypochondriacs like chamPagne.
If you spend too long commuting every day half your job is line dancing and brake dancing.
The best way to stop a charging bull is to take away his credit card.
My karma ran over my dogma.
The one thing that is constant is Change especially if you are a cashier.
When their boy was little they only got rest after son down.
Those interested only in board games at Christmas might just be chess nuts roasting by an open fire.
When a fire broke out in the barber shop it was a close shave but everyone got out by a whisker.
A country which expels the Red Cross would have to view it as a banned aid solution.
Two foxes chasing four rabbits decided to split hares.
Getting into the skunk selling business might make a lot of scents.
Women firefighters use support hose.
A boy who looked like his father the sculptor was a chip off the old block.
When driving Mickey Mouse sings cartunes.
A crazy programmer with a cold is a coughing hacker.
An orchestra was going to broadcast some jazz live onto the net from a small room but discovered it didn't have enough band width.
In a baseball season a pitcher is worth a thousand blurs.
You won't often catch loggers or farmers going against the grain.
Heavenly bodies have an attractive force.
Poets who want to go hunting have to get a poetic license.
The day Lee became a father someone mentioned 'apparently you're a parent -- Lee'
If you get a fruit basket from your psychiatrist it will probably be shrink-wrapped.
To some Christmas is about other people's presence.
Old race car drivers never die, they just write their auto biography.
A librarian caught stealing had the book thrown at her and was put in a three storey jail.
Firefighters have to take the heat when something goes wrong.
The first scientists who studied fog were mistified.
For every jailor who makes a guarded comment there's a prisoner who lets words escape.
Did you hear about the guy who planted bullets? He wanted to see a lot of little shoots.
There's a new olympic event for men who are thin on top called the balderdash.
A hen is an egg spurt at what she does.
When my camera fell in the toffee I was making, I got a very candied picture.
A boxer who wants to get married has the ring to worry about.
Some butchers make cutting remarks to those they meet with and get in a real stew.
A guy who crashed his model T Ford was a T totaller.
Artists are colorful people who draw on their emotions.
Fishers often wet their appetite.
If you have need of a locksmith he will be your key man.
If you get too thin you just might be a human bean.
Executives in bronzeware companies are called the Top Brass
To some animals a mink coat is a furful sight.
Show me a piano falling down a mineshaft and I'll show you A-flat minor.
When the electricity went off during a storm at a school the students were de-lighted.
A letter carrier career is a mail dominated profession.
Bill Gates took advantage of his Windows of opportunity
Two weathermen each broke an arm and a leg in an accident and called from the hospital about the four casts.
When a gambler gets up in the morning he has to pick the right suit before he shuffles off to deal with his day.
A mathematician who was also a horticulturist was interested in prime roots square roots and trees in general.
Lions don't have to worry about every little detail in life...just the mane thing.
Tell a baker his dough has fallen and you'll get a rise out of him.
There are so many statistics in baseball that the players are now running around data bases.
If you operate a drill press you have a boring job.
An ancient Greek shoemaker ran home when there was an earthquake only to discover he had fallen arches.
A city worker who campaigned for new sewer pipes finally had to go underground.
A deadbeat statistician spray paints walls with graphiti.
A gambling gardener usually hedges his bets.
A farmer wanting to kill a chicken for dinner has to move faster than a speeding pullet.
A guy who accidentally drove his small import into a giant shrink-wrap machine had his Fiat sealed.
A Maitre'D is more than just a door belle.
An irate loanshark owed money by John Stone proved that you Can get blood out of a stone.
For those who live in the land of ice it'snow problem.
They called him the king of the dentists because he specialized in crowns.
Coffee has bean the grounds of many a heated and strong discussion.
When the government designs a new penny the number of government workers that have to approve the design is ten per cent.
Herb gardeners who work extra get thyme and a half.
A gymnast with unbalanced thinking was floored by an unparalleled accident.
If you send a letter to the Philippines put it in a Manila envelope.
A music company put pianos outside for a sale but protected their internal organs.
A teacher having a tough time longs for the end of the school daze.
A computer program attached to an electric chair would have to have its execution checked carefully.
There are two towns named Hope and Merritt. A friend of mine lives beyond Hope without Merritt.
When police discovered a huge cache of stolen camping equipment they called in the public to view a table of con-tents.
If you take a job in the far east you will have to go through an Orient-ation period.
Hard water is sometimes used to make soft drinks.
There was a telephone repair man named Jack who was always wired on coffee but he always put in a good plug for the company.
Candy who was a sweet girl married Rich who was a wealthy guy.
A little girl who was always talking was nicknamed 'little miss information'.
An archaeologist found a mummy lying in a sleeping position and reported that the artifact was emBedded.
A primitive tribe known as the Inno had no money - until they reached the age of Inno cents.
A keynote address should be given by a singing locksmith.
A railroad engineer must be sure not to lose his train of thought or he might go down the wrong track.
A sailor eating alphabet soup found the seven C's.
A start-up company making rubber bands had to stretch their budget but they managed to hold things together.
If you walk along a railroad track you may soon feel run down.
People have a happy time vacationing in Ireland because they are walking on Eire.
Before an airline changes a process they have to have a pilot project to find out if the idea will fly.
The sum total of our national debt is some total.
A doctor who fell on his funny bone had a nurse tell him it was a humerus incident.
Fishers don't have much of a social safety net besides a river bank.
A little boy was so full of energy that even when he read a book it was a hyper text.
Old bankers never die, they just pass the buck.
With a little boy who is always happy in the morning we could watch the son rise and then the son shine.
Palace guards usually eat sleep and drink securi-tea.
Stationery store employees formed a musical group called the Elastic Band.
When he lost his wife's shoe he felt like a heel but knew the sole fault was his.
A bride-to-be got a hoarse throat walking in the rain to her bridal shower.
A gardening store owner who often called long distance for importing realized that talk and dirt aren't necessarily cheap.
A psychotherapist named Anna Liza wore a Freudian slip.
When the 'big cheese' of the company came to a meeting and sat between the president and vice-president he turned out to be a big cheese grilled sandwich.
A man named Jim Golf offered training on building golf courses called Golf's golf course course.
When you can't decide with your friends whose place to have a party at it's known as party politics.
Sometimes a pencil sharpener is needed in order to make a good point.
When news that a meat shipment was coming reached the gold rush you could stake your claim and then claim your steak.
If your mind is clouded or in a fog you may have mist some opportunities.
One leftover said to another 'foiled again.'
A woman who became queen considered it her crowning achievement.
Backups are usually a good thing unless it's a sewer.
One-one was one racehorse: two-one was one too -- two-one won one race: one-one won one too.
Bankers might have their own interest at heart when discussing alone with you.
Scientists wanting to send a rocket to Jupiter had to really planet.
A parade of horses went down Mane street.
A photographer named Jill lacked focus so they shutter out of a job in a snap.
Breeders for lab science animals are definitely part of the rat race.
A musician tripped over a chord which resulted in a nasty note.
The builders of raceways believe that one good turn deserves another.
A kettle on the stove was singing 'Home on the Range'.
If all your troubles are melting away watch out for the floods.
A grizzly's grandparents are his forebears.
Campers need to have a positive in-tent.
Birds can be soft on themselves or down on themselves but they are fair weather friends.
Old accountants never die, they just lose their balance.
If you are what you eat, I'm staying away from the nuts!
Those who work on reducing auto emissions go home exhausted.
A computer store takes inventory to monitor progress including a disk-count.
A manufacturer that made lamps gave their employees a light workload.
Cottage cheese diet: eating your curds and weigh.
If you ride a bus you have to pay your fare share.
When do King Arthur's men practice? Joust at knight.
An accountant for a restaurant has to be sure the books are not cooked.
A scientist who wanted a tattoo got a skin graph.
Cooks have a lot of spice in their lives.
The seascape painter who spilled paint on herself was feeling quite blue.
Corn is so versatile that it is an a-maize-ing grain.
A scientist who became a racing car driver drove on Formula One.
A lawyer using a facsimile machine must be sure to get his fax straight.
In the sea do you measure the speed of the tide in knots?
A photographer taking pictures of golfers says 'watch the birdie'.
In a surfing competition the winner got wave reviews.
Underpaid weather forecasters predicted a storm of protest.
Car salesmen compete trying to sell for the lease amount.
A bank manager without anyone around may find themself a-loan.
Monorail enthusiasts have a one track mind.
Some people who refinish kitchens could be known as counter-fitters.
A man given a watch at his retirement said 'it's about time'.
To golf at your favorite course may require a long drive.
The date soldiers wait for is March Forth.
Luggage sales trends are determined using case studies.
A sheep owner who sold his flock for too little was told: 'ewe were fleeced.'
A music store owner has to have sound business practices.
Lumberjacks have to keep problem logs.
Businesses selling pleasure boats often have a sail.
A china doll was marked in tiny letters: 'maid in USA'.
A dentist with a toothache could have a bad impact on his patients.
When a duck is feeling down he might just be happy.
A cyclist whose vehicle fell over a bridge had to wave bye cycle.
The first time wine taster had a blanc stare on his face.
An inventor had his nose to the grindstone until he invented a good axe sharpener. Another stuck to it until he had a good glue.
For greeting card companies their fate is in the cards.
Drug research companies have created their own cold rush.
Buying a cheap mouse could leave you with a squeak and a sad tale.
Mattresses are tested in a test bed.
Becoming a yoga instructor offers the possibilities of a unique teaching position.
A tight-rope walker enjoys being on-line.
If you don't know how to choose music ask a guitarist - they know how to pick.
Your nose is in the scenter of your face.
An adventurer paddling on a northern river got cold and lit a fire in his boat only to discover that you cannot have your kayak and heat it too.
Animals that tunnel in the soil have to have an escape root.
A book store and clothing store merged under the name text-aisles.
When purchasing soap if you buy two and get one free that's a bar-gain.
If word processing a presentation about guns -- be sure to know how to use bullets.
A construction worker apprentice has to learn foundation principles before going on to more concrete subjects.
A computer student was told to work harder in school or he wouldn't get an up-grade.
A woman union leader who was pregnant had labor pains and then a striking baby.
Gardeners like to spring into action.
Is military intelligence a contradiction in terms?
A tire store loves a chance to Roll out a new product.
An armed robber who yelled 'freeze' at an ice-making plant was given a cold reception by the police.
It takes only moments to go and get seconds but hours practice to take good minutes.
A mechanic who was also a musician was good at tuning things.
Some burglars are always looking for windows of opportunity.
Artists know where to draw the line.
A painter's joke may be off-color while a cook's might be tasteless.
Show me a baker who is on a roll and I'll show you someone sitting on a bun.
Some music stores are in a CD part of town.
If you tell a falsehood just after waking up you are lying in bed.
A fired newspaper editor took an ex-press train out of town.
Canyons can be gorge-ous.
A bankrupt window installer felt the pane of shattered dreams.
A racer who was also a golfer really knew how to drive.
Snails as freight would be 'S'-cargo.
When some coins fell into the batter it turned out to be a rich cake.
An apple farmer with poor yields has to get to the core of the problem.
A sailor has ties to home but is knot there often.
My grandmother learned grammar by wrote.
An accountant at a coffee company is known as a bean counter.
Taking skin off fruit might include paring a pair of pears.
Some mathematicians are on the negative side while others are quite positive.
After coming to work and play musicians come home suite home.
If a prince is thrown to the air he might also remember that he is heir to the throne.
Some people use a restaurant to rest-and-rant.
A police dog is often the scenter of a drug arrest.
A heavy drinker of hard liquor appears to be in high spirits.
A politician who had been an astronomer was always saying 'no comet'.
Digging a hole for a coffin is a grave matter.
Autobiography of a newspaper editor: My Times in the Sun.
An old spice wholesaler is a seasoned veteran.
At a music store: 'hear here'.
A horse named storm could ride like lightning with the rein.
Leftover spaghetti is pasta its prime.
Creative weather forecasters do a lot of brain storming.
Sailors often come from have-knot countries.
A janitor with a broom in hand swept her off her feet.
The brightest day of the week is Sun-day
Some who go sip also gossip.
Watches can be displayed and sold on a time table.
A comedian was published post humorously.
Those whose child is going through a 'phase' may wish they had a phaser.
The color of the sun in the early morning: rose.
At shearing time there are some sheep thrills.
Some managers are un-NO-able.
Ancient orators tended to Babylon.
Don't disturb anyone working on a puzzle or you may get some cross words.
People working in a feed mill are not interested in getting feedback.
The old doctors practice of bloodletting was all in vein.
When fabric softener was invented it made people ex-static.
A bad shoemaker's assistant was given the boot.
Politicians like tall buildings because they seek high offices.
If you are coughing in the cold for too long you could wind up in a cold coffin.
Selling coffee has its perks for those who have bean so lucky.
A thermometer making company manager was a hot head who sometimes boiled over.
Jim: 'Did you hear about the guy who ate twenty pancakes for breakfast?' Joe: 'How waffle.'
Those with fishing rods like situations from reel life.
A box of food you buy for breakfast will have a cereal number on it.
Some gas station owners are very self-serving.
Earlier times saw more hand-maid items.
The king of boasts for a zoo was a lion named Aurora.
A pair of loud twins were stereo speakers.
A group of singers wore coral necklaces.
A guy became so good with a chainsaw that he was promoted to branch manager.
A cosmetic surgeon knows how to raise a few eyebrows.
Waiting for her photos to be developed a young girl sang 'Some day my prints will come.'
When your internet provider goes bankrupt it's a 'net loss.
Blacksmiths used to forge strong links with their customers.
Some people still think that writing long stories is a novel idea.
The invention of concrete was soon reinforced as a solid entry into the construction market.
Basketball players are always bouncing ideas off each other.
Chiropractors rub some people the wrong way.
Laser surgery on knees is done with knee-on lights.
If you deliver automobile parts be sure to get your bearings.
An undertaker named Barry was involved in an underground plot.
A politician who was a proper goose was a victim of propaganda.
On a long trek nomads use camels to get them over the hump.
Asked by a waiter if she would like a drink the lady replied 'wine not?'
A teacher must ensure her overheads aren't over the heads of her students.
A man who wore lots of after-shave lotion was quite a pun-gent man.
A cowboy who was also an artist could draw fast.
Some women approaching 30 look for a man-date to get married.
You have to give credit to people who work in stores during a holiday - and many people do.
African carnivores mainly eat fast food.
If an animal looses its tail it should shop at a retail store.
If you don't fix the plumbing for your shower properly you could be in a lot of hot water.
Those working in tissue research and testing are always blowing it.
A not-very-good art teacher was good only at drawing blank faces.
To draw cartoons for a living requires someone who is very animated.
To teach someone how to build a compass you have to be good at giving directions.
An astronomy column in the newspaper would have a lot of space devoted to it.
A skier who makes it to the olympics finds that it is all down hill from there.
A fisherman who was also a pianist was an expert with scales.
For a chemist disappointed in an experiment the reaction was on his face.
The size a dieter would like to get to is the sighs of relief.
Shepherds are sheepish people who don't like staff meetings.
Ancient architects went through columns of figures to figure their columns.
A locksmith has to have a good Combination of skills.
Two churches being built in a race to completion were on a steeple chase.
Astronomers often have their own private view-points.
You have to fill out many government forms because there are many forms of government.
A politician decided to resign on the day of an eclipse because it was a dark day.
A surgeon who operates on hands likes his palms greased.
Soldiers in plays like to Shakespeares.
An office with many people and few electrical outlets could be in for a power struggle.
An egotist is someone who is usually me-deep in conversation.
An astronaut who fails on a weightlessness experiment must be aware of the gravity of the situation.
If a cow is being fed properly but doesn't give milk there must be an udder reason.
A secretary for a hardware store has to file more than nails.
A waiter who played tennis was great at serving.
Wrestlers don't like to be put on hold.
Endorsement by an olympic swimmer caused a company's profits to dive.
A comedian with a PHD is known as a wise-crack.
Food for bad dogs is bought by the pound.
A cutlery manufacturing company was built at a fork in the road.
The organizational get together for a company football team was called a kickoff meeting.
A guy bought a skipping rope because his doctor prescribed pills for two days running and then skip a day.
Heart surgeons never bypass a good opportunity.
A tattle tale pig is a squealer.
A drummer who broke his drum and didn't pay for it was a dead-beat.
A skier who loses a race on a cold day will have a frosty disposition.
In business reaching higher is good unless it's a bank teller during a stickup.
A lawyer for a church did some cross-examining.
A flea can fly and a fly can flee -- a dog can bark and so can a tree.
An electric company is always looking for high energy employees.
A professor without a pointer may find that his lecture is pointless.
A will is a relative thing.
In middle east outdoor markets you can find bazaar items for sale.
Plumbers often have pipe dreams.
Sailors like to seas opportunities.
An angry sprinter has to make a mad dash.
When a tailor was asked how a suit was coming he replied 'sew far sew good'.
A mechanic bolted out of his shop to find some nuts only to wrench his back.
A guy who made pots for a living fell on hard times and became a pan handler.
Are fish smart because they spawn good ideas while in schools?
Cigarettes in a washroom is all smoke and mirrors.
A romantic florist likes two-lips.
With an agent for a girl who is a pop singer it is all hit and miss.
For many people cats are the purrfect pet that they like to paws with after a busy day.
A speeding bullet could be a Hard and Fast rule.
When a cow climbs a hill the cream comes to the top.
Salespeople selling security equipment like to see people get alarmed.
Math teachers have lots of problems.
If a lawyer can be disbarred can a musician be denoted or a model deposed?
In a Scandinavian race the last Lapp crossed the Finnish line.
Diets are for people who are thick and tired of it all.
If you're looking for oranges on an apple tree you will have a fruitless search.
A dermatologist's knowledge may only be skin deep.
Luggage salespeople have to make a good case for you to buy.
If you work in a bakery you may have to take on many roles.
A guy who used to sell boomerangs is trying for a comeback.
Fortune tellers have to work on their prophetability.
If you attend a convention it's amazing how many unconventional people you meet.
Many people need to learn to be happy with the State they are in.
Undertakers have to get up early in the mourning.
Miners with illuminated helmets say it makes them feel lightheaded.
Swimmers have to be careful not to get into deep trouble.
Those who reach their 42nd birthday celebrate it with fortitude.
People who live in the mountains have their own viewpoint.
Plumbers often have to tap their natural abilities.
Photographers are often very candid people.
Can honeybee abuse lead to a sting operation?
Mr. Wright made the right decision to hire a right hand man.
If a town's people have low IQs is the population dense?
Tailors have a measure of happiness because they are well suited to their jobs.
Doctors feel fine on ships because they are accustomed to see sickness.
A math professor in an unheated room is cold and calculating.
Those who choose not to eat, slowly get hungry -- and Fast.
Upon discovering her children playing with matches their mother was flaming mad.
Rabbits generally lead a hoppy life.
Sea captains have a lot of latitude.
A six foot poet stanza very tall.
A promoted electrician felt a surge as a result of the switch.
A telephone repair man who was widely traveled went from pole to pole.
Those who live near the international date line can easily pass the time.
Pipe fitters often have high pressure jobs.
Duncan sees donuts as his worst problem so he figures he dozen have to worry too much.
Where there are many chickens you can find layers of eggs.
Beach owners would like surfers to sign waivers containing riders.
If an embassy staff member steals documents and is sued in court it is considered to be an attaché case?
If you want to buy a hose you might go on a shopping spray.
Buying a car is quite a show which is why car salespeople use a showroom.
Stealing someone's coffee is called 'mugging'.
In democracy its your vote that counts. In feudalism its your count that votes.
I need to cut my fingernails before they get too out of hand.
Can a piece of antique clothing be uncomfortable? Of corset can.
Dentists practice by going through many drills.
A husband who thinks he is as solid as a rock may have a wife who wishes he was a little bolder.
In some countries steaks are rare but if you can find one well done!
If your clothes get wrinkled it could be de-pressing.
Those who iron clothes have a lot of pressing demands.
If you take alphabet soup on vacation, pack it in your upper case.
Some people with a lot of vision started the Blind Institute.
When writing out drink recipes you have to have a first draft.
Those who like sport fishing can really get hooked.
Artists have to get into a good Frame of mind.
A secretary indented her car after leaving too narrow a margin.
A tailor has a vest-ed interest in sewing up a profit.
A contest held by fire fighters is called a 'match'.
A lawyer representing an angry cow finds just cause for sour milk in a dairy case.
Burning too much incense in a rented room could make the owner incensed.
Companies are called Firms because they take firm positions.
A music store had a small sign which read: Bach in a Minuet.
A hotel was looking for inn-experienced staff.
Psychiatrists and rectal doctors deal with odds and ends.
A horse is a very stable animal.
Taxidermists really know their stuff.
On the old trains the engineer had a lot of esteem.
Execution with a noose causes a real hangover.
A goat that ate office supplies was on a staple diet.
Paying for college is often a matter of in-tuition.
Writers under pressure are, at present, tense.
A case of disappearing bison had police completely buffaloed.
It's quiet in a bowling alley because you can hear a pin drop.
Some cooks have sizzling tempers and get easily steamed.
Card sharks like to swim around at the bottom of the deck.
As to teenagers, clothes are definitely one of their hang-ups.
In the stock market mining hit rock bottom while cows steered into a bull market.
As to how to play snooker, some people don't have a cue.
Lion tamers roar with laughter when they give their animal a funny bone to eat.
There are many judges who would like to acquit smoking.
Some horses cause their owners a lot of woe.
Those who write about disease become ill-literate.
She became a lifeguard at the beach and kept the buoys in line.
A one-armed clock maker wished he had a second hand.
A thief who stole cutlery without leaving a clue was called the 'stainless stealer.'
Bakeries find out how the business is doing with a pie chart.
A leak in the back of a boat is a stern warning.
A dog attending university would want a pe-digree.
A spy who often worked from his basement bed was underground and undercover.
A bank manager who was also a high jumper spent most of his time in the vault.
Arrows make the enemy quiver while bombs make the enemy shake and quake.
A cook made pancakes flippantly.
A lost guy named Al had to be al-located.
For children to eat without washing their hands would be a grime.
Some cardiologists are heartless.
Before writing his final version of a story an author has to have a pre-text.
To plan a graveyard you need a skeleton idea before a detailed plan.
A hangman telling a joke can be cord-ial but he will string you along to the punish line.
A tall man isn't always a man of high standing.
Witches are good at spell-ing.
A dead writer of music is de-composing.
Mathematics teachers call retirement 'the aftermath'.
An emotional cook is all astir and mixed up.
Old gardeners never die they just vegetate.
Old teachers never die they just lose their class.
Children can do some knotty things with string.
Real estate agents believe in doing good deeds.
Does a coffee shop have the grounds to operate in the black?
Old judges never die they just slur their sentences.
In the old days yelling at your neighbor across the street was a long distance call.
Gardeners like to plant their feet firmly.
A gardener who moved back to his home town rediscovered his roots.
Are puns for children or groan-ups?
A politician with a bad back needs lots of support.
Tight-rope walkers are high strung.
Sea captains can be port-ly.
Bike sales go in cycles.
The inventor of the electric light bulb was brilliant because his ideas were so illuminating.
Ballet dancers are really kept on their toes.
Students who accent their textbooks with color markers add a real highlight to their day.
Two sailors named Brad Stowe and Ben Lowe had to B.stow their things B.low.
Someone with contact lense problems eventually found a solution.
Some people don't like food going to waist.
Whoever invented binary logic knew how to put two and two together.
The case against a donut thief was full of holes.
If a pig loses it's voice is it disgruntled?
On the surface of things whales are always blowing it.
Bakers have a great knead to make bread.
Well drilling is a deep subject.
Ancient scribes who hired Aztec writers had to make sure the Inca was dry.
Two construction workers had a stairing contest.
Blind people often work on-site.
A busy barber is quite harried.
Weather forecasters have to have lots of degrees.
Using fingers to count is a digit-al calculator.
A pear shaped like a church bell is a-pealing.
Some people love horoscopes to pisces.
Hotel sign: Do drop in to the Dew-drop Inn
Farmers are always industrious while industry is always growing.
The prairie quartet sang flat while the scissors trio sang sharp.
I used to be a tap dancer until I fell in the sink.
One palm tree said to another 'let's have a date.'
Being burned at the stake is a rare experience but is seldom well done.
Those who make magnets can be quite attractive.
An ambassador is the one who lies abroad for the good of the country.
Some shoe sales have a good selection to boot.
If you stumble over a good price for a vacation you will have a good trip.
An experienced waiter can give a lot of good tips.
A young girl in charge of her tribe would be called little miss-chief.
When poker players have to fold they feel a bit discarded.
A donkey inspector has to assess the asses.
A gardener buys super seeds to supersede the garden from the previous year.
A tailor had many problems to address.
An architect for a church would draw a cross section.
When bottled water is cheap it's called a liquidation sale.
For class schedules Yoga instructors are flexible.
Midwives don't like to wear breeches.
The situation in the kitchen is so terrible that it's going from batter to waffle.
Old doctors never die they just lose their patience.
There is some Confucion about the oldest religion in China.
During branding cowboys have sore calves.
If at first you don't succeed try the outfield.
A veterinarian knows how to make a dog heal.
Don't let a candy seller sweet talk you.
After selling a shipment of salt the salesman said 'let's shake on that.'
A guy who built fences had post work depression.
A bust is made of famous people who were a head of their time.
Coaches usually have a goal in mind.
Some soloists are so bad they should sing tenor twelve miles away.
A hay farmer in jail could get out on bale.
Dry cleaners are often pressed for time.
Some people like to whine and dine.
Some gamblers are always looking for a pair-a-dice.
If you want to learn the ropes cowboys are usually accessibull.
When he forgot to itemize what he wanted at the grocery store he felt quite listless.
Writers see their publishers through authorize.
Surfing is a swell sport!
An authentic diamond is gemuine.
An undercover doctor gave his operation a code name of LIVER.
A chicken crossing the road is poultry in motion.
Those who like to do the ironing find their pleasure in creases.
You can tune a piano but you can't tuna-fish.
A pun is its own reword.
Weather forecasters thinking is sometimes clouded.
If you break a string on your guitar don't Fret.
A sleeping steer is also a bulldozer.
Did you hear about the very old lady named Anne Teak?
Those who play team sports usually have a ball.
If you wish to be big don't belittle.
It's just like a cowboy to stirrup trouble.
Some people who cut hair can be quite barbarous.
English teachers can keep a class Spell bound.
Glue inventors have to stick to it.
Those with scissors shouldn't use cutting words.
If you're alone and get too cold you might become ice-olated.
Whether you use a keyboard or a knife be careful with your back slash.
A mumbling grain farmer can barley be understood. Give him a rye look.
Spray paint sells for a good mark up.
A hotel next to a dairy is called a mootel.
The short fortune-teller who escaped from prison was a small medium at large.
Girls who don't get asked out as often as their friends could feel out-dated.
When Ruth fell off the motorcycle her boyfriend drove on Ruthlessly.
Looting a drugstore is called Pillaging.
When the human cannonball was late for work he got fired.
When computer programmers are hungry they take mega-bites.
Someone who makes bicycle wheels is a spokes person.
Some people find fire drills quite Alarming.
Those who play musical instruments for radio or TV have to stay tuned.
Iron was discovered because someone smelt it.
The guy who sold his carnival got a Fair deal.
You can whip our cream but you can't beat our milk.
If cats could read they would paws after each claws.
A teenage professional athlete has to eat lots of pro-teen.
A kitten born in the 10th month of the year is an Octo-puss.
A third-generation clothes designer had it in her jeans.
A tennis match organizer had a Smashing success and a Net profit.
Most hunters are nice because they're such deer people.
Don't argue with a bomb inventor - he might blow up at you.
A grenade thrown into a kitchen in France would result in Linoleum Blownapart.
Tennis players don't marry because Love means Nothing to them.
If you can't find anyone to sing with you have to duet yourself.
When a hospital runs out of maternity nurses they have a mid-wife crisis.
A plateau is a high form of flattery.
A long knife has been invented that cuts four loaves of bread at a time called a four loaf cleaver.
Thieves who steal corn from a garden could be charged with stalking.
To get a wig bald men have toupee a lot of money.
Whenever I go near my bank I get withdrawal symptoms.
The groundskeeper at a large cemetery was important because he had 5000 people under him.
If you take a laptop computer for a run you could jog your memory.
A group called the Balloons sings pop music.
When baseball umpires aren't happy with their pay they call more strikes.
Drinking too much is an ale-ment.
It's nice to visit a ranch because of the horsepitality.
A man giving a speech by candle-light can wax eloquent.
Some funeral home employees don't like the graveyard shift.
Since my uncle got married I've had no use for nuance.
Mrs. Pickering works in a jewelery store.
Well paid plumbers are flush but those who have to pay them get flushed.
MISSOURI asked me to borrow MISSISSIPPIS's NEW JERSEY. I said 'I don't know - ALASKA'.
Things made in Australia are high koala-ty.
He got angry at the Italian chef and gave him a pizza his mind.
Twin monks who rang church bells died. They were dead ringers.
A bachelor is a guy who is footloose and fiancee-free.
You decide what kind of light bulbs to buy by a process of illumination.
If you pay 25 cents to watch a bad football game don't expect your quarterback.
Two mining companies merged and became alloys.
If you buy the same sound system as everyone else you are a stereo-type.
Mickey Mouse gives some people Disney spells.
The big new clock at city hall was the tock of the town.
Lawyers have to like alcohol because they're always being called to the bar.
An unemployed logger is a would worker.
You might think of someone as square who is actually well rounded.
The staff at jewelry stores have hearts of gold.
A doctor said he liked to treat Schizophrenia - there was no two ways about it.
After taking the elevator to the top floor I felt very up-lifted.
Cooks who use too many spices could be in-salted.
When you sign up for a fitness class you also need a class action suit.
Authors can be very PENsive.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
Time wounds all heels.
'Change the channel' she said remotely.
Donating items to sit on is called chairity.
I will cut the grass only when I get Mowtivated.
A restaurant owner gave his cooks a stirring speech.
After Lorne left his girlfriend she was looking forlorn.
Gossip travels faster over the sour grapevine.
When I couldn't find my thesaurus I was at a loss for words.
A karate school restaurant served mainly chops.
I know a pyromaniac who is so bad no one can Match him even if they get all fired up.
The conductor who didn't pay his orchestra had to face the music.
A man with no pennies got into senseless trouble.
Some people get married only for the matri-money.
As a golfer you have to have good fore-sight.
Cowboys in a rodeo can be sure to get a few bucks.
When Emily made pickles she got herself into a real dil-emma.
Chemist's work is element-ary.
Polly the senator's parrot swallowed a watch
A bee keeper will sell you honey with swarm wishes.
A fired magician is dis-illusioned.
The people stand up for royalty. The queen sits down for royal tea.
When a priest makes a mistake in church it's a clerical error.
Cabbage should be eaten raw in fact that's Cole's Law.
When cave men got together they formed clubs.
Those who forget the pasta are condemned to reheat it.
Priests make sure they use the correct syn-tax.
Those who transport salt are movers and shakers.
Some childen are often on their pest behavior.
I czeched on the prague-ress of my geography.
Some business graphs are full of legend.
Two companies that manufactured rulers decided to align.
Working for a marketing agency is a real ad venture.
A pun can be made on any subject except a king who isn't a subject.
A pirate wrote his wooden leg into his will as a leg-acy.
A wide loaf had bread-th.
If your mother's sister is against poker - the aunty may be anti-ante.
What investors have to lose weight? Stocky brokers.
Telescope owners are starry eyed.
Farmers can hardly wheat for a good harvest.
I used to work in a blanket factory but it folded.
The promises of some tailors are pure fabrication.
A ham walked out of the hospital and said "I'm cured".
Drinking a whole bucket of water could make you turn pail.
The fine print is usually a clause for suspicion.
The only things sure for cab drivers are debt and taxis.
When a boxer practices in winter he may be out cold.
When neon lights were perfected the inventor was positively glowing.
When carrying your musical instrument over ice if you don't C sharp you will B flat.
Someone who attempts long distance fraud is known as a phony.
The bear went over the mountain to see what was bruin.
Thieves have muscles of steal.
An animal that eats without stopping is a hippobottomless.
A men's wear store has opening and clothing times.
Selling gasoline too cheaply would be fuelish.
When walking through a pig barn be careful how you maneuver.
Leftovers are repast history.
Use conscience-stricken in a sentence: 'Never conscience-stricken before they're hatched.'
Employers like their mechanics to be geared up.
What's the definition of a will? (It's a dead giveaway).
The Irish should be rich because their capital is always Dublin.
'I have a split personality' said Tom being Frank.
My uncle called my grandfather a deer when he let my antelope.
Kings worry about a receding heir line.
Old presidents never die they just keep going through their cabinets.
There was a guy who played the organ in his garden to get organically grown food.
When he lost his bottle of gin he became very dis-spirited.
Our cat is finally house broken - litterly.
Securities are the cause of many people's insecurities.
Astronauts work in a nice atmosphere.
Never put Descartes before the Horace!
Look for an auto scrap yard at a junk-tion.
She was listening for a Russell while walking through the trees.
Civil servants named Grant are known as government grants.
Religious people can be very amen-able.
When it got stuck in the mud my car had to be toad.
On a farm a horse and some pigs could be neigh-boars.
When driving lawyers have to watch out for the sharp attorneys.
Dead sharks aren't be-whaled especially when they are lone sharks.
The roundest knight at king Arthur's round table was Sir Cumference.
What do you call cheese that is not yours? Nacho Cheese.
Old power plant workers never die they just de-generate.
When he spilled coffee on her shirt she showed him dis-stain.
A man's home is his castle in a manor of speaking.
For some singing groups an encore is re-choired.
Musicians need a leader because they don't know how to conduct themselves.
The fear of St. Nicholas is known as Claus-trophobia.
The best gardening clubs are grass roots organizations.
A drummer can cymbalize the enthusiasm of a band.
If you find ten cents in each of your pockets be glad of the new paradigms.
Weddings always have lots of marryment.
Do dentists of foreign extraction pull teeth rootinely?
A lifeguard's vocation is vacation.
Teachers' hands are usually chalk-full.
In many places Christmas is a custo-Mary holiday.
Some car salesmen try and sell rack-and-opinion steering.
When writing about shipwrecks you have to be succinct or you'll be sunk.
Diamond prospectors have to use a good strata-gem.
Soft drink inventors saw a big popportunity.
A noisy noise annoys an oyster.
Alcohol and calculus don't mix so don't drink and derive.
When an actress saw her first strands of gray hair she thought she'd dye.
Old lawyers never die they just lose their appeal.
Undertakers are nice - they're the last to let people down.
Those who watch too much football will wear out their end zone.
Royal chairs are rarely throne out.
When there's a sale on tennis balls it's first come first serve.
Male deer have buck teeth.
Archery contests are usually won by an arrow margin.
Giving praise is when you let off esteem.
Authors lives are punctuated with good writing periods.
In the old days a suspended sentence was hanging.
Those who daydream in the bath tub are wishy-washy.
If you're stiff as a board it could be the lumbar.
Twins are born more often on two's-day.
Young animal doctors are vet behind the ears.
People who have a head like a sieve are usually re-strained.
Some people have to get up for work at the crank of dawn.
Musical mechanics always sing in parts.
Some children think that their parents are all no-ing.
An astronaut wrote about flying twice to the moon. It was double spaced.
Sellers of dried grapes are always raisin awareness.
A surgery nurse was demoted for being absent without gauze.
When the branding iron was invented cattle were very impressed.
Those who change the color of their food are on a dye-it.
There was an orchestra conductor who threw tempo tantrums.
When he no longer believed in ghosts he became quite dispirited.
The fireplaces of oriental doctors have an Asian flue.
A fight over love and money would be duel purpose.
Those selling mattresses have a soft sell in the spring.
A postal worker was always stamping her feet whenever they would letter.
A dozen swimmers started a race at the stroke of twelve.
The washrooms in a seafood restaurant were labelled Buoys and Gulls.
Doctors' handwriting is often sickeningly ill-egible.
When priests have a good idea they are supposed to parish the thought.
Boxers who are always on time for their bouts are very punchual.
The sound that a golf cart makes is: 'putt..putt..putt'.
Bee keepers always manage to keep buzzy.
Every calendar's days are numbered.
In a bakery buns usually play a small role.
When a college dormitory exploded a lot of roomers were flying.
Television sets in Britain have to cross the English Channel.
A new lumberjack's union was started by a splinter group.
A pessimist's blood type is always b-negative.
Two cannon balls got married and had BB's.
If you try a jigsaw puzzle that is too hard don't go to pieces.
A good insurance company knows how to handle acclaim.
When a baseball fell in the sewer it was called a foul ball.
When a musician's toupee fell into his saxophone he blew his top.
A guy who inherited two yachts had a paradox.
Landscaping to the left and right of a house produces side effects.
When ancient wall sculptors were finished it was a relief.
Nurses often have to check their patient's impulse without missing a beat.
Women who go fishing have allure.
Food that goes rotten while being transported to the store is un-pallet-able.
The janitor's union called for sweeping reforms.
You can only see the stars on a finite.
Power saws are for people who like short-cuts.
Ancient Roman senators liked to make big statutes.
A criminal's best asset is his lie ability.
Unborn twins are womb-mates.
Two podiatrists became arch rivals.
What keeps a dock floating above water? Pier pressure.
Before a plumber retired, he took the final plunge.
When two bakers traded buns they had a roll reversal.
You don't gain wait by the minutes at the dinner table - but the seconds.
An author who wrote from his basement had a best cellar.
Having children is a heir raising experience.
Cowboys have consider-a-bull talent.
If the Japanese army took over the government it would be a high coup.
Farmers have 'my grain' headaches.
A cow that is pampered too much will give spoiled milk.
Those who make sinks often feel washed out.
Some twins cause pair annoy-ya.
After he bought a mirror he became very reflective.
If a restaurant isn't sweet to its chefs they might dessert.
Work in a warehouse is always shift work.
If you give some managers an inch they think they're a ruler.
When a ladder was stolen from a store the manager said that further steps would be taken.
A farmer with a rip in his clothes has an overall problem.
Those who do not want to be counted have taken leave of their census.
A clean thief always makes a stainless steal.
What you seize is what you get.
Good gardeners take care of their plants - weed 'em and reap.
The pharaohs of Egypt worked out the first pyramid scheme.
Chefs have the skillet takes to be good at what they do.
Companies that don't ship enough coal will be undermined.
Sea captains don't like crew cuts.
I have to give a speech on being a vegetarian and omnivorous about it.
A heart surgeon who also conducts music is a pace maker.
When a guillotine executioner is layed off he gets severance.
When he stepped out into the dusk with his three brothers he had a sudden four-shadowing.
When Mongolians walk they like to take big steppes.
A good carpenter will do his work and then varnish without a trace.
Some women stay single and others are the Marion kind.
Some power saws are a cut above the rest.
My mother's sister is the antonym of my uncle.
Demeanor employees are moved to another deportment.
If you get sick at the airport it could be a terminal illness.
Two banks with different rates have a conflict of interest.
The discovery of how to make steel was ironic.
When the human cannonball retired they couldn't find a replacement of the right caliber.
Sometimes a pregnancy is so long it seems like a maternity.
A successful diet is the triumph of mind over platter.
A gossip is someone with a great sense of rumor.
Eating too many snacks when studying for a test is called cramming.
Weaving cars mean Looming accidents.
Fashion is something that goes in one era and out the other.
His decision to become a pilot was up in the air.
People get organ transplants because someone's heart has gone out to them.
Those who drink too much at night have to worry about the mourning after.
In some countries there is a lot of Manuel labor.
Some foolish people gain by experience many perils of wisdom.
Drivers in a rush who stop at traffic lights often see red.
Army dentists make a good drill corps.
Late night truckers burn the midnight oil.
Those who polish cars so that they shine work in a buffer zone.
When cooks are in the soup they don't like to eat humble pie.
Drinking too much coffee can cause a latte problems.
A church welcomed all denominations but preferred tens and twenties.
Old burglars never die they just steal away.
When artists dream in color it's a pigment of their imagination.
When the iron was invented there was a press conference.
Birds are grouchy in the morning because their bills are over dew.
For insomnia move to the edge of the bed and you'll soon drop off.
He stayed at the auction to the bidder end.
A cross between a puppy and a bunny is a rabid dog.
Poor blood circulation runs through the family.
Tires are fixed for a flat rate.
A reporter was at an ice cream store getting the scoop.
The novel about a musician in treble was a real clef-hanger.
A marathon on a scorching day ended in a dead heat.
Some hospitals have to cut coroners.
Yachts that your brothers own are relation ships.
Dance studios have waltz to waltz carpeting.
200 years from the final buffalo hunt will be a bisontennial.
Baseball players sometimes have sign-us trouble.
Those who jump off a Paris bridge are in Seine.
A pet store had a bird contest with no perches necessary.
If you run through a screen door you'll strain yourself.
Sign: 'Please turn out the lights. Thanks a watt.'
Writer's cramp is also known as Authoritis.
Straw hats are no longer in their hay day.
In medical matters it's nurses who call the shots.
When old story tellers die they are mythed.
Two wrongs can make a riot.
Are you willing Tibet I've never seen a yak?
Some bankers are generous to a vault.
Authors in jail have their prose and cons.
Sports are refereed by people of many stripes.
When tires are up it's due to inflation.
With a gun in the kitchen you can take a potshot.
There are a lot of bakeries on the yeast coast.
A dairy farmer had a heifer dozen calves.
After he carried a gun in his car the engine was soon shot.
Luggage made of snakeskin is ex-hiss baggage.
If you golf on election day -- cast an absent-tee ballot.
Those who find bargain antiques like to junk for joy.
A boiled egg in the morning is hard to beat.
Vampires are always looking for their necks victim.
The jogger who overslept found himself running late.
A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
Old programmers never die .. they just lose their memory.
If a lawyer speaks for too long there will be an extended sentence.
To become a pilot requires a good altitude.
Lightning storms can be very striking.
An insulting telegram is a barbed wire.
When the fog burns off it won't be mist.
Stove makers often feel burned out.
One witch spoke to another when she cauldron the phone.
Politicians double cross bridges when they come to them.
Lady newscasters do their hair in a short wave.
When fleas disappear they mite be back in a tick.
Tailors needle little something to catch the thread of a conversation.
Musicians in bed use sheet music.
When his clothes dryer broke he was lint another one.
When it was lumpy he had a beef with his gravy.
The one who invented the door knocker got a No-bell prize.
To some - marriage is a word ... to others - a sentence.
A baker stopped making donuts after he got tired of the hole thing.
Once you've seen one shopping center you've seen a mall.
Those who steal trains must have a loco-motive.
If you Russia round and Ukraine your neck don't Crimea river.
Chronic illegal parkers suffer from parking zones disease.
When the skeleton went to a party he had no body to dance with.
The cheap eye surgeon was always cutting corneas.
Why do people eat pretzels since they are knot food?
Did you hear about the tire dealer that had a blowout sale?
The wig maker worked hard to get a-head in his business.
An aquatic animal escaped from the zoo. It's name was Lucille.
Inside a hot dog factory you never sausage a sight before.
Those that sing for charity have a band aid solution.
Marine biologists like to see a friend or sea anemone.
A family joker is jest having fun with his elations.
With loggers -- using a chain saw is axio-matic.
Models for commercials have advert eyes.
When some people open their mouth they put their feat in.
A bicycle can't stand on its own because it is two-tired.
Italian building inspectors in Pisa are leanient.
When the artist tried to draw a cube he had a mental block.
When crazy glue was invented lots of people became attached to it.
The first guy to mass produce candies made a mint.
When he fell in the wet concrete he left a bad impression.
The consequence of playing drums often is re-percussions.
An argument at the Bomb Squad convention ended in a blowup.
Never put all your begs in one ask-it.
Lazy sailors look forward to chore leave.
A soldier who stuffed himself with ice cream was a desserter.
Those who carry too many buckets start feeling pail.
Throwing trash on the street is litter-ly illegal.
Escaped snakes make some people hiss-terical.
When you use glue in class it paste to be careful.
Did you hear of the logger nicknamed Barry the Hatchet?
Milk as the udder alternative has been heifer a long time.
If a waiter doesn't succeed he has to tray tray tray again.
Getting soap in your eyes is no lathering matter.
He shot two birds and then realized they were dead wingers.
Bakers trade bread recipes on a knead to know basis.
Those who get too big for their britches will be exposed in the end.
When cannibals ate a missionary they got a taste of religion.
Suicide at sea is definitely going overboard.
Dermatologists often make rash statements.
He who makes false teeth is an indentured labourer.
Fishermen often argue about de-bait.
Hunting elephants is illegal as ivory well know.
Herbivores come in browns and graze.
Santa goes down the chimney because it soots him.
Golfers hate cake because they might get a slice.
Nature reserves are an eagle opportunity employer.
He had a prePASTerous history.
You should lock up your wine in a cabernet.
Dentists have the same old grind day after day.
A carpenter is a shelf made man.
The first household lubricant was caster oil.
'Almond joying myself' he said eating nuts.
If you lose your knitting don't sweater it.
When a clock is hungry it goes back four seconds.
He had a photographic memory that was never developed.
The man who fell into an upholstery machine is fully recovered.
Santa's helpers are subordinate clauses.
She was only a whisky maker but he loved her still.
A lot of money is tainted. It taint yours and it taint mine.
An elevator makes ghosts happy because it lifts the spirits.
Some people like raw meat on rare occasions.
In jail convicts use cell phones.
Dead languages have to be encrypted.
When astronauts die they run an orbituary.
No-fault insurance does not cover earthquakes.
Sod farms provide instant grassification.
An arrogant cheerleader has pompomposity.
Crazy people are always taking the psycho path.
The sore mummy needed a Cairo-practor.
A dog who played baseball always got walked.
To find bargains go where the auction is.
For meat some people eat lamb and mutton else.
Actors are cast through their good and bad stages.
Turn in your old farm implements at a resickling center.
A backwards poet writes inverse.
When a new hive is done bees have a house swarming party.
The guy who draws pictures of suspects is a con artist.
The man addicted to brake fluid said he could stop any time.
Old pirates retire and grow corn for a buck an ear.
To learn rope tricks you have to be taut.
The king and queen played chess in their castle at knight.
The ultimate liquid measure is the supreme quart.
Convicts are committed people.
A kangaroo that can't jump is completely hopless.
A bartender's marriage was on the rocks so he took a cheap shot.
A skunk fell in the river and stank to the bottom.
A pharmacist and a patient had a pill owe fight.
When musicians argue the woodwinds will be clarinet up.
If you air on the side of caution - divers will tank you.
Someone who robs shoe stores is an arch criminal.
Sailors usually like their pier group.
Those who have icicles keep a stiff upper drip.
If you don't pay your exorcist you get repossessed.
Visitors to Cuba are usually Havana good time.
Successful dieters might win the Nobelly prize.
An archaeologist's career ended in ruins.
A cannibal's favourite game is 'swallow the leader'.
Old skiers never die -- they just go down hill.
A cat that swallowed a ball of wool had mittens.
When dressing up for a masquerade disguise the limit.
Old mediums never die -- they just give up the ghost.
In some places there is a lot of Manuel labor for every Juan.
Scuba divers have in-depth discussions.
Lumber companies have many board meetings.
Circular arguments often make the rounds.
An auction at a funeral parlor is more-bid.
Match makers like to strike up a light conversation.
Victims of bad construction in the orient are 'bamboozled'.
Schooner or later sailors engage in rudder nonsense.
Hitch hiking is not a good rule of thumb.
'Pun' backwards is nup. And a nup is a nup is a nup.
Police like to make collect calls.
When the TV repairman got married the reception was excellent.
Skipping school to bungee jump will get you suspended.
You should never take rocks for granite.
When a judge eats out His Honor is at steak.
A lumberjack who couldn't hack it was given the axe.
Kings sometimes found that uprisings were a peasant surprise.
An arctic survey was called the north poll.
The first fuel used in auto racing was called formula one.
Ten years without brushing causes horrible tooth decade.
Beginning gardeners work by trowel and error.
A sailor who met a widow was soon second mate.
Workmen with special hats have super-visors.
Heavy drinkers put the quart before the hearse.
Old math profs never die -- they just use strange expressions.
A tangled bell ringer tolled himself off.
Cats are often the victims of fur-ball abuse.
The lawyer asked a loaded question about guns.
Frequent beer drinkers are often at Lagerheads.
A mountain is a hill with attitude.
A thief who stole a calendar got twelve months.
Teachers who take class attendance are absent-minded.
When a clock factory burned there was some second hand smoke.
He often broke into song because he couldn't find the key.
Love can be a touchy subject.
Land mines cost an arm and a leg.
Some men view marriage as a matter of wife and debt.
A couple of ambulance drivers are a paramedics.
Making your own hard liquor is a whiskey business.
His qualifications as a math teacher didn't add up.
A hermit drove to town and was charged with recluse driving.
Applying mascara in a car can cause whipped lashes.
The inventor of a hay baling machine made a bundle.
When a vulture flies, he takes carrion luggage.
Don't kiss birds or you may get an untweetable canarial disease.
People who like gold paint have a gilt complex.
Saw makers losing money have to make lots of cuts.
They had a two-door car and a Tudor house.
Horses eat best when they don't have a bit in their mouth.
An artist without a palette makes paintings without Taste.
A guy swallowed a spoon and found he couldn't stir.
Nylons give women a run for their money.
When they bought a water bed, the couple started to drift apart.
A dentist and manicurist fought tooth and nail.
There's a repair shop for baroque musical instruments.
There was a cook that had mushroom for improvement.
A scientist kept a close ion her equipment.
A bird watcher had a mynah problem but with no egrets.
A lawyer asked his dentist to give him a retainer.
The whistling fisherman was always out of tuna.
Swimming can be easy or hard. It deep-ends.
A psychiatrist on a hike fell into a depression.
News of a coming flood was leaked.
Too many little Digs sends a marriage to an early Grave.
Hawaii vacationers are here today, gone to Maui.
The manufacturing of t-shirts has really cotton.
Noteworthy musicians are very composed.
To purchase a cat, find a pet store with a fee line.
Police can do a search if it's Warranted.
The shaver making employee wanted a razor else he'd quit.
Airline pilots make many friends in high places.
She had a boyfriend with a wooden leg, but broke it off.
The poet had written better poems, but he'd also written verse.
A good baker will rise to the occasion, it's the yeast he can do.
Two robbers with clubs went golfing, but they didn't play the fairway.
Gardeners always know the ground rules.
An hourglass is a waist of time.
He had only a skeleton crew, and made no bones about it.
Building high walls on your property may cause a fence.
When the electrican apprentice made mistakes, his mother grounded him.
At shoe stores they believe there's dignity in de feet.
Manufacturing contact lenses is harder than meets the eye.
She was so thrifty she could smell a bargain a mall away.
He became a sky diver out of the blue.
When he was sentenced to the guillotine he lost his head.
Big cities make haze while the sun shines.
He went on a cheese diet in order to cheddar few pounds.
There was a colorful restaurant called the psycho deli.
His wife left him saying she was going home to mutter.
When accountants are left a loan they become very debticated.
When it came to reasons for eating the fruit, Eve Adam.
Driving on so many turnpikes was taking its toll.
Don't believe what you hear about fleas and ticks -- it's all lice.
A student drove himself so hard that he missed the learning curve.
For a fencer to admit that he's been foiled is a hard thing touche.
Those who build roofs are so inclined.
He who talks with his mouth full is speaking ingest.
Horses in the movies only have Bit parts.
Ducks have quack-ups, but geese always honk.
A party for shy people is abash.
He drove his car until the day of wreckoning.
News: a monkey at the zoo backed into a fan. Details to follow.
He tried to get her to marry him to no a-veil.
The math teacher was an exponent of his own powers.
Gun control is the subject of a loud report.
If you have too many scientists together how do you get iridium?
Acrobats are always doing good turns.
The newspaper doesn't put in Politics what is Classified.
The dairy farmer skimmed his herd and then condensed it.
She loved to listen to wild music with a-band-on.
Funeral parlors undertake many re-hearse-als.
A native named Ab was always painting Ab-originals.
When William joined the army he disliked the phrase 'fire at will'.
How do you make antifreeze? Steal her blanket.
He wears glasses during math because it improves division.
When chemists die, we barium.
With her marriage she got a new name and a dress.
You feel stuck with your debt if you can't budge it.
A zoo had a camel with no humps named 'Humphrey'.
Some Spanish government employees are Seville servants.
To become an electrician you have to pass a battery of tests.
When a rich man bought a car he had nothing to chauffeur it.
Don't expect a bonsai tree to grow the miniature planting it.
He threw butter out the window in order to see the butterfly.
The cowboy took hay to bed to feed his nightmares.
He bought a gun to hunt for deer to get more bang for the buck.
A boxer went on an assault-free diet.
I think Iowa 'bout five dollars in sales Texas.
He labored so hard that he worked his fingers to the bonus.
Seafood operations start out on a small scale.
It was an emotional wedding. Even the cake was in tiers.
For plumbers, a flush beats a full house.
When the smog lifts in Los Angeles, U C L A.
The primary responsibility for a child's education is apparent.
A perfectly spherical pumpkin makes good pi.
Archers study arrow dynamics.
The sailor called his girlfriend's belly ring a naval destroyer.
He died leaving 100 clocks. His son is winding up the estate.
Old school principals never die, they just lose their faculties.
The chicken crossed the playground to get to the other slide.
The chef slipped and broke his prime rib.
Good police officers never miss a beat.
The price of chess sets has gone up across-the-board.
The two bowlers bore a striking resemblance.
Piano players know what bar they are in.
Western movie actors love to be scene and not herded.
When whales are angry they blow up and then let off steam.
Astronauts like to do launch.
A river dredging project was to undergo an in depth audit.
Watch out for carpet layers. They may pad their bills.
The boss counted noses on the plant floor as an olfactory census.
Did you hear about the fire at the circus? The heat was in tents.
Marathon runners with bad footwear suffer the agony of defeat.
Traveling on a flying carpet is a rugged experience.
Long fairy tales have a tendency to dragon.
An astronaut broke the law of gravity and got a suspended sentence.
Two crooks bought a hotel. They were innmates.
The headlines nobody likes are wrinkles.
When a skunk walked in, the judge said, 'odor in the court'.
Being able to fit size 14 shoes is quite a feet.
Those who hate classical music have my symphony.
Washing blankets with perfume is quilty until proven in a scent.
She became a golf professional to earn her bread and putter.
Librarians are always going by the book.
Some people think that war is a gross domestic product.
A knight put his armour round his lady.
A paramedic got a new job as a chauffeur: an ambiance driver.
He forgot to pay me for the computer I sold him. Bad cache memory.
Some people go deep sea fishing for sailfish motives.
A baseball player was a thief. He was always trying to steal.
Old chicken farmers never die, they just have a dozen aches.
There was a ghost at the hotel, so they called for an inn spectre.
Those who study the moon are optimists. They look at the bright side.
Studying fungus is a way to mold young minds.
If you play around with a guillotine, you'll beheaded for an accident.
He bought a donkey because he thought he might get a kick out of it.
Small people are in short supply.
He was hit on the head during a hail storm and was knocked out cold.
The clerk had stickers everywhere. There was even a price on her head.
Mechanics can always be counted on in the clutch.
Old grocers never die, they just get shelved.
When the tennis-playing judge got sued, the ball was in his court.
He made good fruitcake but he was one slice short of a loaf.
The head of the fisherman's union didn't want to rock the boat.
Her exam was on the human skeleton, so she decided to bone up.
The couple grew fruit trees and lived to a ripe old age.
Mothers everywhere want their children to give peas a chance.
Some butchers live off the fat of the land.
The ship was full, but the sailors weren't playing with a full deck.
Oh what a tangled web we weave. On the Internet.
A nut named Hazel held up a bank saying 'give me all the cashew have'.
Pour hot water down a rabbit hole and you get a hot cross bunny.
The drunk said I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy.
The duck said to the bartender, 'put it on my bill.'
When the wheel was invented, it caused a revolution.
Waiters are good at multiplication because they know their tables.
He put bug spray on his watch to get rid of the ticks.
In order to talk to a viking you need to know Norse code.
I didn't want to give the brain surgeon a piece of my mind.
A balding man and his hair are soon parted.
A baker's job is a piece of cake.
The vegetable never taken aboard ship is a leek.
The cowboy reached for his gun and then drew a blank.
To be arrested without a visa is a borderline infraction.
She phoned him in the next room on his cell phone. Close call.
The fact that he was a bad golfer was a fore-gone conclusion.
An architect knows how to make a long storey short.
After his computer problems he decided on a Crash course in security.
When a man takes a woman's heart with a diamond, her hand is his.
Some say the moon affects the tide. Others, the untied.
A pop singer bought a new house for a song.
Those who throw dirt are sure to lose ground.
Dentists have their own flossify on how to keep teeth clean.
A pediatrician is a doctor of little patients.
A Freudian slip is when you say one thing but mean a mother.
Never upset a cannibal. You might end up in hot water.
A true friend thinks you're a good egg even though you're slightly cracked.
His wife loved pottery making but for him it was just kiln time.
He got fired at the coffee shop for coming to work in a T-shirt.
A lot of dieting is wishful shrinking.
How do you find a missing train? Follow the tracks.
A murderer had heartburn because of something the assassinate.
Should old people feel youthless?
You can measure a man's love by his overall sighs.
When it came time to judge, the carpenter was floored by the panel.
Power corrupts, especially at the electric company.
A waiters union representative is call the chop steward.
The IRS visited the bronze maker and got down to brass tax.
The window cleaner's boss often did spot checks.
A prisoner's favorite punctuation mark is the period. It marks the end of his sentence.
The magician got so mad he pulled his hare out.
Old grave-diggers never die, they just get buried in their work.
A music store was robbed. The thief made away with the lute.
I phoned the zoo but the lion was busy.
Did you know that autopsy is a dying practice?
Two surgeons had a heart to heart.
A radio personality in a parade gave a short wave.
College slogan: 'Draft beer, not students'.
Shepherds don't talk much because their work is past-oral.
A little boy fired his light-colored crayons because they wouldn't show up.
On cooking shows, there is little margerine of error.
Old tightrope walkers never die, they just get high strung.
Old math profs never die, they just can't differentiate.
Old musicians never die, they are just disconcerted.
A new insect extermination company opened last fly day.
A countess started to think about her count-less opportunities.
When the crop was destroyed, there was no more cranberry source.
A college for optometrists has a lot of glassrooms.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
Never lie to an x-ray technician. They can see right through you.
A small shrub clinging to the walls of the Grand Canyon is a Gorge Bush.
An alien landed at a soft drink company and said 'take me to your liter'.
Soda truth was revealed - it was a sundae when Abe 'n Anna split.
Smells in the army are according to rank.
Noah wasn't the first off the ark. He came forth.
Some people don't have the Vegas idea of how to quit gambling.
He loved crosswords. They buried him six down and three across.
A small pirate ship is called a thug-boat.
A carpenter sat on his drill and was bored to tears.
A zoo had too many panda bears, so they built a pandemonium.
She didn't marry the gardener. Too rough around the hedges.
Flying these days is a frisky business.
Teaching your kids in the heat of the moment is bad heir-conditioning.
Cheese makers have many expenses in curd.
Though we're born in the buff, we wear our parents genes inside out.
Basketball players over seven feet tall are Highly sought after.
A waterbed may just be the vinyl resting place.
If roosters saw how hens are treated they'd turn over in their gravy.
After working for 24 hours straight he called it a day.
They tried to keep a locksmith in prison, but the nut bolted.
Politics only serve to make the future moron-certain.
An auctioneer often looks forbidding.
To kill a circus in one blow, go for the juggler.
Are evil wildebeests bad gnus?
If money talks, why do we need bank tellers?
Angry dogs are cross-breeds.
I'm buying a birthday present for a sculptor. Can you chip in?
Money doesn't grow on sprees.
Children who use bad language are precursors.
In parking lots, arguments often start from scratch.
The manager of a dairy farm is a cow-ordinator.
Salt water puns are a bunch abalone.
Two rites make a wrong where bigamy is concerned.
The inventor of sandpaper had a rough time of it.
He grew up with poker. He was raised, called, and dealt with.
A little boy found out from his mother that grime does not pay.
As to alcohol, sea captains harbor a love of port.
Pets that want a walk can be very dog-matic.
Sea gulls that fly over the bay are baygulls.
Prison walls are never built to scale.
Be kind to your dentist because he has fillings too.
A lingerie thief gave a police officer the slip.
The survival rate after a fall into a deep hole is abyssmal.
He tried to play the shoehorn but got only footnotes.
With negative numbers, some math students become nonplussed.
There's a difference between good sound reasons and reasons that sound good.
It's tough to be in the computer business when the chips are down.
A parrot that goes without breakfast is a polynomial.
Before a mother knows the sex of her baby it's a hidden agender.
Never argue with your doctor. He has inside information.
A skier retired because he was going downhill.
A mountain climbing math teacher found an adder at the sum-mit.
A hairdresser for a movie star had a brush with fame.
A certain ship's captain was deep and unfathomable.
A circus truck driver refused to tow the lion.
An army officer is a position that some people shoot for.
The first court held in the air was on a trial baloon.
Two nuclear technicians got married. She was radiant and he was glowing.
Advertisement: 'New study on obesity looks for larger test group.'
Old sailors never die, they just get a little dinghy.
One horse said to another: your pace is familiar but I don't remember the mane.
The boxer's girlfriend was a knockout.
He was facinated by his new welding job. It was riveting.
Those who experiment with thin ice will achieve a breakthrough.
Babies usually wake up in the wee-wee hours of the morning.
Those who sell topsoil have definitely hit pay dirt.
He got measles in jail when he broke out one night.
When coal was first discovered, there was a large black market.
A basketball player couldn't control his saliva but he could sure dribble.
A one-legged monk became a bell-hop.
When the air conditioning failed in the indoor stadium there was a fan protest.
He couldn't sell his pirate ship because it was unassailable.
Arguments about the weather will eventually blow over.
Roofers are straightforward. You can tell what they are rafter.
A new country decided to conduct a flag poll.
A musician went to hospital after playing too many accidentals.
The Internet contains a large surfeit of information.
A baseball player swallowed his gum because he choked up.
No judge wants to be know as acquitter.
With certain cashiers, things are slow to register.
He threw jello at his wife, who had him arrested for carrying a congealed weapon.
Army doctors are involved in big military operations.
A man who kept stealing mopeds was obviously a cycle-path.
He got a job in the horse stables and was given free rein.
Aspiring physicians go to college and get indoctorinated.
A woman was in love with twenty soldiers. It was platoonic.
The plums for sale dried out, so the profits were pruned.
When the cougars got dangerous, the rangers went on a wildcat strike.
When they told him that his drum couldn't be fixed, it didn't resonate very well.
On their wedding night the size of her garment was negligee-ble.
Two cheerleaders got married after they met by chants.
Max didn't want to go mountain climbing because he was an anti-climb Max.
He stole an invention and then told patent lies.
He realized he'd made the major leagues when it finally hit him.
Hold on to your plate during dinner to get a well balanced meal.
He was a nuclear physicist for a half-life.
Massage therapists need a touch of style.
Two companies that made shoelaces had common ties.
He avoided funerals because he was not a mourning person.
A toothless termite walked into a tavern and said, "Is the bar tender here?"
He was arrested for throwing bombs from a boat, but they dropped the charges.
At a pet store: 'buy one dog, get one flea'.
A thief fell and broke his leg in wet cement. He became a hardened criminal.
Will this computer last five years? Obsoletely!
This old shoe is on its last leg.
An evangelist's effectiveness is measured in billigrams.
Paid overtime for the police is called copper nitrate.
They were a fastidious couple. She was fast, he was tedious.
The earless defendant waived his hearing.
'If you breathe heavily on the map, it will reveal topography,' he said, with a sigh of relief.
The editor received his award with sheer delete.
The suspect 'Sheppard' was finally taken into custody after authorities caught him on the lam.
Grandparents faces are full of epoch marks.
His daughter grew flowers because her poppy liked to see them every daisy.
A country that makes too many explosives is an a-bomb-i-nation.
When they spilled coffee on his neck, he got hot under the collar.
Paul Revere got the Magna Carta before the horse.
Be true to your teeth, or they will be false to you.
If you said you were from South America, I would not Bolivia.
A small boy went to the counter to pay for his lunch but he was a little short.
He bent over to pick up a sieve and strained himself.
Some planes are so cramped that passengers suffer jet leg.
The triangle relationship soon became a wreck-tangle.
Artificial knees and elbows were developed during a joint project.
An ailing hamster revived after receiving mouse to mouse resuscitation.
The family elders have relative importance.
The first time he put the horses on the carriage it went without a hitch.
One can-tanker-ous train railed another, asking, "What are you a-freight of?"
People in Switzerland can't learn to ski without a lot of alp.
It was such a big piece of gold, he didn't know what to assay.
Safety goggles were invented by a peripheral visionary.
There's a new magnetic steam iron that makes your clothes attractive.
The melody kept on playing until it became a strain.
A street musician was carefully watching his whole notes.
Those who want to paint polka-dots have to find a good spot.
The grand piano they bought on credit was a debt instrument.
Computer programs for gambling need beta testing.
The bullfighter's display of timidity left macho to be desired.
To write with a broken pencil is pointless.
Two silk worms had a race. They ended up in a tie.
A circus lion won't eat clowns because they taste funny.
Making a boat out of stone would be a hardship.
I tried to pack myself in a suitcase. I could hardly contain myself.
He threw snow in his neighbor's driveway and shouted, DO YOU GET MY DRIFT?
A new auto body shop owner took a crash course to learn his business.
Roofers are shingle minded.
Old fire fighters never die, they just do asbestos they can.
The drycleaners skirted a pressing need for material profits, resulting in de-pleated assets.
A girl and her boyfriend went to a party as a barcode. They were an item.
When it comes to big arm chairs, I have a deep-seated fear.
He wasn't supposed to eat the pie but he kept pecan at it.
The president of a ladder manufacturer had to step down.
Those that fight the IRS think the government is funded by attacks on income.
She started a new courier business for an express purpose.
He cussed in his sleep all night and woke up all swore out.
He liked playing cards but was trying to re-deuce his gambling.
A baseball player's mother knows what he likes to eat on the home plate.
The marine biology seminars werent for entertainment, but were created for educational porpoises.
A dentist gets on everybody's nerves.
Pennies from heaven are a blessing in de skies.
Those who eat candy with both hands are ambi-dextrose.
Old postal workers never die, they just visit the old stamping grounds.
Every oven in the restaurant was broken. The patrons got a raw deal.
He brought salt and pepper to the box office because he wanted a season ticket.
Psychiatrists like Kentucky Freud Chicken.
He always ate hot dogs with relish and gave his condiments to the chef.
A Dracula movie had to be re-Vamped.
The satellite went into orbit on January 1st causing a new years revolution.
Rearranging our schedule can bias time.
Figure skaters don't like to be in a rut.
The saying of a former vice-president is know as an AlGorIthm.
The White House has many Power drills.
The weather forecast was for freezing rain, and sure enough it was an ice day.
Did you hear about the Two Wall Street financial hot dogs that got on a roll?
Financial advisers are paid to be right on the money.
The failure of the vehicle's brakes caused an instant ram-ification.
A lot of brave men fought and died in San Antonio, Texas, which is Alamo reason to remember.
He dropped a computer on his toes and had megahertz.
When you are driving, watch for wild animals that are dead ahead.
When a jazz musician's clothes are all worn out it's ragtime.
He who hogs the sheets is usually very wrapped up in himself.
Life after death for evil doers has always been a hot topic.
He put an orange in his boxing glove so he could have a fruit punch.
Ore is always a lode off someone's mine.
He stared at his belly button so much, he was promoted to navel officer.
The nomadic tribe had to settle for their current leader until they could find a Bedouin.
He ate so much over the holidays that he decided to quit cold turkey.
Gas companies cannot fuel all of the people all of the time.
In the autumn, mountain sheep can become very ram bunctious.
He drank so much at 16 years old that they called him a juvenile deliquid.
Why is a tower in Paris called the Eiffel Tower? At the top you certainly get an Eye Full.
When he could not find his dictionary, Webster was at a loss for words.
The minister broke his leg and became a lay man.
The mushroom is a vegetable of high morel standing.
He tried to take a photograph without much focus until finally it clicked.
The electricity was off and they couldn't found out watt was the problem.
Expensive golf clubs are par for the course.
They teach sea captains to blow the foghorn on a tutorship.
We were so poor when I was growing up we couldn't even afford to pay attention.
When Peter Pan spoke to Captain Hook he made an off-hand comment.
A cathedral was damaged by weapons of mass destruction.
A queen was caught gambling. She had a royal flush.
A woodcutter's world revolves on his axes.
He only knew how to drive a fork lift in reverse. He was the backup man.
Some students concentrate lesson history and moron themselves.
He liked horror movies as a child but then he gruesome.
A spelunker held out on revealing the treasure's location until he finally caved in.
A new mother received roses and baby's breath.
Caribbean barbers know how to calypso well.
An acrobat was so strong that he held the balance of power.
Yukon dream of living in the north but it isn't worth Aleutian sleep about it.
During a tennis match one player gave the other a backhanded compliment.
When there are auto accidents in Sudan the vehicles go the the Khartoum.
Chicken farmers will often share a good yolk.
Old shepherds never die, they just keep spinning yarns.
He asked his teacher if rust came from rot iron.
Let's talk about rights and lefts. You're right so I left.
My cavity wasn't fixed by my regular dentist, but by a guy who was filling in.
Some people go into martial arts just for kicks.
He worked at a factory making eye glasses and was pushed into the machine. He made a spectacle of himself. He was framed.
Our social studies teacher says that her globe means the world to her.
A farmer brought a bucket of milk to church so it could be pastorized.
And then there was the roofer who came down with the shingles.
He became a vegetarian because he couldn't make ends meat.
With fronds like you, who needs anemones?
A real leader faces the music, even when she doesn't like the tune.
The weather bureau is an umbrella organization.
Why was the Tibetan rooster unusual? Himalayan!
To find the marionnette I wanted, I had to pull a couple of strings.
A sports match was attended by many scores.
Men are like steel because they are worthless when they lose their temper.
A boy saving up for a car has a lot of driving ambition.
The forest ranger reunited a mother with her cubs and had to bring all his expertise to bear.
He who hesitates is bossed.
A ship was lost at sea until they founder remains.
It's true I don't like soap, but you don't have to rub it in my face!
At rifle competitions, the best team always wins by a long shot.
She was suspected of stealing a brooch but they couldn't pin it on her.
Golfers would wear wrinkled clothes if it weren't four irons.
Stolen eggs are poached.
Old electricians never die, they just keep plugging away.
She beat him to the garden by pre-seeding him.
The police boat sprung a leak before it was ever used, and was precinct.
Two brothers fought over some sheet music but their mother wanted to keep the piece.
He recited verse from the bench because he was a poetic justice.
The department head had a weekly meeting to get his scientists positively charged.
The bear put on sunglasses because of his polarize.
Old lumberjacks never die, they just pine away.
There are so many drugs on the market now they even have a pilfer shoplifters.
When I walked into the lawyer's office he gave a plaintiff cry.
He sat in the magician's audience dressed as a cactus. He was a plant.
If you lean over a balcony and cut open a rotton peach you will see the pitfall.
Old philosophers never die, they just retire to their own premises.
To plan beforehand for a cold winter is pre-furable.
Baseball is known for its pitched battles.
He drove his expensive car into a tree and found out how the Mercedes bends.
The butcher backed up into the meat grinder and got a little behind in his work.
In the winter my dog wears his coat, but in the summer he wears his coat and pants.
While stealing from a blood bank, the thief was caught red handed.
A test-tube baby has a womb with a view.
The church janitor was also the organist, and had to watch his keys and pews.
If you say you have bad skin, I'd say that was a pore excuse.
Old milkmaids never die, they just kick the bucket.
Some moss took a lichen to a tree.
After the horse ate all of his hay he had a baleful look about him.
An FBI sketch artist is a bureau drawer.
Two electricians were in a race that went down to the wire.
After his watch battery ran down, he had a bad time.
Her ability to always find fresh vegetables on sale was uncanny.
A panhandler comes up to you and begs the question.
The forecast for the weather in the kitchen is chili today and hot tamale.
Those who like dark beer are beyond the pale.
They went all through the warehouse. It was a package tour.
How do you catch a unique rabbit? Unique up on it.
He decided to quit because he didn't want to become a Paul of smoke.
While training to work at Coca Cola he was given a pop quiz.
Two mathematicians arguing about even numbers were at odds.
A two-year-old with a ghetto blaster is a baby boomer.
The forecaster was away because he was under the weather.
His new job replacing windshields wasn't all it was cracked up to be.
When scissors were first invented, they were on the cutting edge.
We went to the owls convention and it was a real hoot.
A train load of paint derailed. Nearby businesses were put in the red.
He became a boxer because he thought he had a fighting chance.
Alergy sufferers are itching to get through the hay fever season.
They built a tree house together but then had a falling out.
Two basketball players fought it out in court with the press.
She was a baseball player's wife and had a ball park figure.
He wanted to become a pilot but decided that it was over his head.
A gardener's work is a bed of roses.
The best basketball players are at the top of their game.
When he found out that he would visit a real blacksmith he got all fired up.
He quit his job designing clothes to become a man of the cloth.
He got a chemistry set with a promise not to hurt himself. That was the acid test.
I really do have a photographic memory -- I just haven't developed it yet.
It was raining cats and dogs. There were poodles all over the road.
He was wheeled into the operating room, and then had a change of heart.
The place that made rubber balls almost went bankrupt, but they bounced back.
When he gave his wife a necklace he got a chain reaction.
He slipped into a manhole with a loaded gun, but then blew his cover.
Two strangers skated to the middle of a frozen pond and broke the ice.
Two nurses had a lot of bad blood between them.
His penmanship is certainly nothing to write home about.
Rabbits breed by leaps and bounds.
Their business plan for a flower shop was cut and dried.
He gave up playing chess, and went on to a checkered career.
Two dogs had a bone of contention.
The glider pilot radioed that he had caught the jet stream in a long-winded message.
People who hate the marines are rotten to the corps.
A pharmacist gave the wrong prescription, which was a bitter pill to swallow.
A six-foot-nine barber is a cut above the rest.
She sold freezers by making cold calls.
Those who engineer faucets are cool under pressure.
She memorized just what kind of locket she wanted, by heart.
The sweep fell down a chimney and was black-listed.
If you think you are a set of curtains, either see a psychiatrist or pull yourself together.
High on a ladder he saw a beautiful girl below. He fell for her.
We found a dead crow in our front yard but have yet to hear the caws of death.
The research assistant couldn't experiment with plants because he hadn't botany.
He was going to step into a bucket of ice, but got cold feet.
Get him on a diet? Fat chance!
When I stand in front of all my fans, I'm blown away!
Two duchesses were arguing about their husbands. They decided to duke it out.
A reformed arsonist was in confession. He began, "Bless me Father for I have singed."
When a thief saw two rings he did a double take.
He always called his girlfriend his 'luck'. Until he decided to push his luck.
When I commented on a friend's psychedelic door he said, Don't Knock It.
If you take your cell phone to the beach, you can have call wading.
He had to learn what the measles was, from scratch.
The alcoholic wanted to quit, so he had a dry run.
When he kicked the invoice, it didn't mean he wanted to foot the bill.
When I went to buy lots of milk and ice cream, I got a fair shake.
As a short order cook he was a flash in the pan.
Spoiled meat is a dead loss.
When those around King Arthur's table had insomnia, there were a lot of sleepless knights.
Vinyl records are really groovy.
Two blackberries met. They were both in a jam.
The earliest mention of cars is in the Bible when Adam and Eve were driven out of the Garden of Eden.
He's a good letter carrier. He always keeps you posted.
When he wanted to retire from being a traffic cop his boss gave him the green light.
Even though the well was a mystery to her, she didn't want to get to the bottom of it.
Before he was hired as a short order cook they grilled him.
Two young tightrope walkers started going steady.
As a tightrope walker she was top-of-the-line.
She played baseball and so did he. They hit it off.
When an earthquake ruined his swimming pool, he went off the deep end.
He made a movie of his haircut. It was a short film clip.
To save money for the company he cut all the electricity. They were soon in the black.
Two cooks had a contest and the heat was on.
He could never go bowling when his mind was in the gutter.
He took roller skates to Mount Everest so he could be a high roller.
The date of the marathon was changed. She took it in stride.
When the janitor wanted to take up public speaking he always had the floor.
She always took spices with a grain of salt.
After entering the sewing contest she was on pins and needles.
Old quarterbacks never die, they just pass away.
When a cow gives birth she not only gives cream, she is de-calf-inated.
I couldn't decide which of two physicians to see. It was a paradox.
He wanted to gamble, but his wife said No Dice.
Two giraffes were in a race. They were neck and neck.
If you drive a train, you can't afford to lose track.
He bought lots of pens before starting his new job. He wanted to make his mark.
He would have become a sailor but he didn't want to make waves.
A hangman will always keep you in the loop.
Hunters don't pass the buck.
His job was to find a leopard as an on-the-spot reporter.
As a police officer he was usually off-beat.
Tree pruners will always go out on a limb for you.
He lay down on the assembly line because he wanted to make something of himself.
Old photographers never die, they're just out of the picture for a while.
I wanted to be a sonar technician, but it was out of my depth.
I wanted to make suits but I could never measure up.
He was a Red Cross donor until he went out of circulation.
He was charged with break and enter through a window in an open and shut case.
The sailor's barque had a bight.
A doctor drank while putting on patients' casts. He was soon plastered.
He wanted to build a rope factory but first he had to pull a few strings.
Baseball players are expected to perform well right off the bat.
Our cat sleeps on a down pillow. We've always had a soft spot for her.
Those who aim torpedoes are always ready to press charges.
He didn't want to volunteer for the rodeo but he got roped into it.
Management at the post office is alway pushing the envelope.
The school had a door made of iron. That was why it was called the school of hard knocks.
The inventor of glass decided to see it through.
He applied for a job to sell footwear because he figured it would be a shoe-in.
A teacher used his index finger to ask a lot of pointed questions.
The queen told the prince that he was a royal pain.
At the local steel mill they're always raising the bar.
Hog farmers are the ones who really bring home the bacon.
When a baseball player isn't going steady he's playing the field.
She wanted to be a weaver but there were always too many snags.
He was selling palm trees, but people thought it was a shady deal.
He took a nail to the volleyball game because he wanted to spike it.
Somebody was running a flea circus, but a dog came and stole the show.
He had a crooked nose and mouth but he could always keep a straight face.
Father and son love sunflower seeds, and the son is the spitting image of his dad.
After he invented the light bulb, people saw Edison in a new light.
The Vikings landed during thunder and lightning and took the city by storm.
They hid from the gunman in a sauna where they could sweat it out.
He told me he could eat a 32 ounce steak, but I found that hard to swallow.
Those who carry barbed wire can easily take a fence to what you say.
Benjamin Franklin flew a kite in a storm hoping no one would steal his thunder.
When he bought a used car he was really taken for a ride.
Before he sold Christmas trees, he got himself spruced up.
Those who like sugar in their tea are willing to take their lumps.
Let's go to the gym and weight a while.
When buying a battery you should never have to charge it.
Baseball players have to stay in line or they will be afoul of the rules.
He sold candy and chocolate. A lot of girls were sweet on him.
He worked in a chocolate factory, but always took his sweet time.
When the elevator broke I was very downcast.
On her first day as a lifeguard she was still wet behind the ears.
Fishermen know how to string you a line.
Aliens are lovable because they're so spatial.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
When the waiter spilled a drink on his shirt, he said, "this one is on me."
A prisoner is someone who stands behind their convictions.
I started to work at a seafood buffet, but then I pulled a mussel.
My comb is invaluable - I can't part with it.
For a fish, the end of a barbed hook is the "point" of no return.
Two guys discussing the price of gravel finally got down to the nitty gritty.
He knew he was going to get caught making graffiti. The handwriting was on the wall.
When a new baby comes into a family, many changes are necessary.
You often hear of a good wine through the grapevine.
When the big fish got caught, the jig was up.
When potato chips don't sell fast enough, the maker knows it will soon be crunch time.
Animals are slaughtered for meat at a tender age.
The start of a polygraph test is the moment of truth.
Two cooks disagreed but decided to hash it over.
Christmas dinner is a place where you can really talk turkey.
Funny looking corn grows on a laughing stalk.
The fire chief was always asked burning questions.
The math professor liked even numbers, but only the odd one.
The installer got wallpaper on himself instead of the wall, so the boss tore a strip off him.
A dog gave birth to puppies near the road and was ticketed for littering.
When the plums dry on your tree, it's time to prune.
Those who wear sleeveless shirts like to defend the right to bare arms.
The hostage said he couldn't stay on the phone long because he was tied up at the moment.
If a clock had legs, time would run out.
The teacher asked a question and the students were all up in arms.
When Einstein rode home on a locomotive it was a good train of thought.
It's amazing how stores take Valentines day to heart.
He finally came clean, and found that he was all washed up.
A restaurant in financial trouble expanded and turned the tables.
A nice steering wheel is a real turn-on.
My two uncles bet who would get married first. Then one upped the ante.
His resume said that he was fast at 100 meters and he had a good track record.
Before the scientist discovered taste buds, they were on the tip of his tongue.
When he got out of jail he drove to an intersection because he wanted a turning point.
They threw a party for the inventor of the toaster. And he was toasted.
How does an investor get clean socks? He goes to the stock exchange.
Never ask a boxer for a drink because they're tight fisted.
The best way to communicate with a fish is to drop them a line.
Old math teachers never die, they just become irrational.
To termites, a group of dead trees is an arbor eat'um.
Those who invest in chocolate put their money behind bars.
I went to buy some property with a hill on it, but it was a little steep.
A fisherman hated fish and chips but he didn't tell a sole.
He could speak so many dialects that he had to watch his language.
He couldn't decide whether to accept a job in mattress sales so he decided to sleep on it.
If you hear it from the horse's mouth you're listening to a neigh sayer.
The first time I got hold of a hang glider I had to wing it.
A spacecraft took pictures of Mars and Saturn and got the best of both worlds.
The police boat was filling with water and those on board had to be bailed out.
Those who use scissors on the job have their work cut out for them.
What it boils down to is this: eggs taste good.
She wore a new hairpiece every day and was considered a big wig.
When his photographs all got double exposed he was beside himself.
He sold large bullets and acted like a real big shot.
She owned twenty shoe stores and was very well heeled.
As he approached the bridge in rush hour, his radio played The Car Strangled Spanner.
The baker had ten children and there was always a bun in the oven.
If you plant the cabbage first, it will have a head start.
An artist with the military kept drawing enemy fire.
The math professor went crazy with the blackboard. He did a number on it.
Back when the news was written on clay tablets there was a lot of breaking news.
Did you hear about the two seeing eye dogs that went on a blind date?
The duke and the count had a fight. The duke was down for the count.
It was a lucky car. Until he had to push his luck.
I found out that at the gym, their opinion on fitness carries a lot of weight.
He asked me if I could swim under water. I said, "don't hold your breath."
After they had it out in the boxing ring, they called it square.
Henry perfected the Ford down to a T.
They wanted to hold a vigil, but no one could hold a candle to him.
He shined a police officer's shoes and had a brush with the law.
The thief had a bold plan. He figured he could carry it off.
At first the paratroops didn't obey orders, but finally they fell in line.
I love to eat eggs at the crack of dawn.
The inventor of the stove top was in his element.
Two anglers were having a discussion and opened quite a can of worms.
He dressed poorly in grade eight. The next year he dressed to the nines.
While delivering 1000 gallons of dark pigment, he almost painted, then blacked out.
A young sailor thought all of the waves were just swell.
A young nurse was nervous about giving vaccinations but gave it her best shot.
If there's ever no one around to tell, tell-a-phone.
He liked to study infectious diseases. It was in his blood.
Poetry is averse to me.
Old romance novelists never die, they just run out of steam.
An angry bird landed on a door knob. Then flew off the handle.
His hair was light and his head was angular: he was fair and square.
A sea captain navigating through a narrow channel was in dire straits.
One real estate agent said to another, "House it going?"
May the 4th be with you.
A gymnast needs to eat a well balanced diet.
He would promise to play golf, but he didn't know how to follow through.
He told me he lost my sieve, but his story didn't hold water.
He took an alarm clock mountain climbing because it was high time.
The zoo had possession of the zebra, but wanted to get it in black and white.
One grasshopper told another about eating corn. It went in one ear and out the other.
A young man visited the librarian every day so he could get into her good books.
As Tarzan flew through the air he was truly de-vine.
Two sky divers decided to hang out.
He didn't tell his mother that he ate some glue. His lips were sealed.
Two surgeons were joking about sutures and had each other in stitches.
A guy went to a costume party dressed as a knife, and he really looked sharp.
A basketball player and a jockey just robbed the bank. Police are looking high and low.
Working as an elevator operator has its ups and downs.
Trench warfare should always be a last ditch effort.
He carried the rum above his head, because he needed to lift his spirits.
He took a gun to his watch because he wanted to kill time.
In the French Revolution to stay alive you really had to keep your head.
They argued about their vacation and finally stayed at the last resort.
The farmer decided to get a cow, and milk the idea for all it was worth.
They bought a home on a cliff because they liked to live on the edge.
The electrician was disqualified from the race because he made a short circuit.
She told a long story about a coil of rope, and then left us all hanging.
A sheep dog puppy who likes cantaloupe is a melon collie baby.
She wanted to be head of the artist's union so she started canvassing artfully.
At seven foot six he was a great basketball player and everyone looked up to him.
When pigs play basketball they are ball-hogs.
After he bought his two-year-old a felt pen, he was a marked man.
He built two grandfather clocks in one month. He made good time.
If we canteloup lettuce marry!
He had a soft drink while catching up on the ironing.  It was soda pressing.
He couldn't remember the pill's name but it was on the tip of his tongue.
When a musician plays a scale on a newly cleaned piano, he goes from C to shining C.
After the lawyer flushed the toilet, it went to the suer.
He collects mouthwash bottles, and they're all in mint condition.
When I heard she bought me a new CD, it was music to my ears.
The chicken went to the middle of the road. She was going to lay it on the line.
He was studying chemistry in college but by third year he was out of his element.
When Irish boys carry their little brothers, they get a Pat on the back.
His day job was astronomy but at night time he was moonlighting.
Their guest bed feels like a rock. It creates a lot of hard feelings.
A doorbell salesman joined the choir, and chimed right in.
She was always calling for her twins, "on the double."
A werewolf's favorite day of the week is moonday.
Some people use thimbles, and other people miss the point.
The two inventors of the radio were on the same wavelength.
She always paints night scenes. Other artists pale by comparison.
A rock band set up on the exchange floor. They wanted to play the stock market.
Some people spend a lot on their face, and always want to be taken at face value.
I'm not sure if I've seen that door chime before, but it rings a bell.
His girlfriend wanted him to slow down the car, but he put his foot down.
A massage therapist kneaded new customers.
A lawyer held a huge briefcase in his hand during the enire trial, but finally he rested his case.
It's true that the earth rotates, but scientists are always putting their own spin on it.
Two referees went head to head because they had a score to settle.
A nun was kicked out of the order for inappropriate attire: sheer habit.
Vandals destroyed many road signs. They really pulled out all the stops.
Together, they were a rock group. First, stoned. Then on stage, petrified.
Those new courier companies are always pushing the envelope.
At first he was was a sprinter, but then he decided to run for office.
My daughter's studying natural medicine and I'm rooting for her.
Elephants will toil all day, and they work for peanuts.
He ran a wheat grinding operation which was far from run-of-the-mill.
She wanted to improve her body language, but couldn't put her finger on it.
He often played the violin with his wife, but she never played second fiddle.
There was an editor who put in a good word for a new reporter.
When underwear fell in the vat at a beer-makers, a scandal was brewing.
You should put on more sun tan lotion in order to save face.
Five brothers wanted to buy a horse, so they all had to pony up.
If you leave alphabet soup on the stove and go out, it could spell disaster.
There's no short cut to becoming a hair stylist.
What does a porcupine like to do when playing volleyball? Spike.
She owned three french-fry factories, but to her it was just small potatoes.
He bought a plate with four corners so he could have a square meal.
The police found stolen lamp shades but couldn't shed any light on the thief.
The professor discovered that her theory of earthquakes was on shaky ground.
Two friends took ropes to school so that they could skip out.
There's a new sport - leaping over rifles. It's called jumping the gun.
His wife and daughter walked into prison to visit him with a cake, single file.
He tried to sell me glass with imperfections in it, but I saw through it.
Our company manufactures doors and we stand behind them.
An amusement park had a ride break down, and had to hire a spin doctor.
He installs ignitions in cars. He's a real self starter.
Jack sold a cow for some beans, came home to his mother, and spilled the beans.
If you can't understand muses, go to a muse meant park.
When he stepped in the mud, he had to soften his stance.
He was late for school until a spider dropped on his ankle and then he decided to shake a leg.
The gold medalist wanted to represent a sneakers company and figured he was a shoo-in.
Shine your shoes when they're new to keep them squeaky clean.
She was the apple of his eye and he liked to sit down be cider.
On the shelf there are ten math books, five geography books, and the rest is history.
Sign at a deer crossing: The Buck Stops Here.
Medical Alert: Golf has been linked to risk of strokes due to iron deficiencies.
The "Titanic" didn't have enough lifeboats, but that was the tip of the iceberg.
He told a story about his eight-foot-three grandfather. It was a tall tale.
He got a job in a factory making needles, but soon got stuck.
She had a sweet disposition until the bitter end.
Scientists studying the sun have a flare for research.
He took his pistol to some photographs because he wanted to take snap shots.
Checkers was invented starting at square one.
A tailor sometimes decides to suit himself.
A lot of trees were dying, but they needed to figure out the root of the problem.
Several carniverous animals were eating the carcass but the king of beasts got the lion's share.
A cowboy's steers were so funny they were known as the laughing stock.
Doctors take pains to prescribe relief.
A card shark wanted a tall chair so he could have the upper hand.
He cleaned shoes for a living because he really took a shine to it.
On Valentines day many people take heart.
When James Bond slept through the earthquake, he was shaken but not stirred.
The price of shingles is going through the roof.
Fear is a little dark room where negatives are developed.
Scarecrows are always garden their patch.
Three fingers were willing to cooperate but the thumb and forefinger were opposed.
He was a criminal with crooked thoughts and found it hard to think straight.
He stomped on his old watch because he had time to kill.
A dry cleaner was indicted with charges pressed for money laundering. A deal is being ironed out.
He couldn't figure out how to fix the washing machine so he threw in the towel.
History's earliest scam was perpetrated by a Neanderthal, the first con-cave man.
He folded and straightened the money because he wanted a tidy sum.
He studied water purification and had a great thirst for knowledge.
Commercial fisheries know how to make a pier to pier net work.
After he swallowed a whip, he got a real tongue-lashing.
His surgeon wanted to give him a free lobotomy saying, "think nothing of it".
A fish became a waiter, and he liked people to tip the scales.
The racers all had shorts on that were too small for them, so it was a tight race.
There are some places where it's hard to ghetto job.
A discussion of digging a new mine shaft was too deep for him.
He said he'd been golfing but smelled like the ocean. Something fishy was up.
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.
The salt said 'hi' to the pepper. It was seasonings greetings.
Old photographers never die, they just have flash backs.
The boxer's sister was a computer programmer, and a technical knockout.
That new mystery novel has a killer start to it.
He didn't want to get a shot because it would be a pain in the butt.
He has a big vinyl record collection but has barely scratched the surface.
The musician in jail was anxiously awaiting his next release.
When the spinning disc toy was created, it was a top secret.
He wanted to fly a kite, but it was over his head.
He wanted her to stop singing. 'Refrain?' she said, 'of chorus I will'.
Two snakes parted, and one said, 'fangs for the memories'.
Taking drugs is a misstep that could cause a bad trip.
He became an astronaut and had a blast.
They were charged with communications fraud for making phoney claims.
The robber baron was a commander-in-thief.
Grills are a hot item.
The hospital lab is recruiting. They're looking for new blood.
Some food is not all it's cracked up to be. I'll put in a nutshell for you.
When the tornado went through town it was quite a blow.
The waiter was six foot eight, and handled many a tall order.
The frustrated cannibal threw up his hands.
When asked by a passenger how high he would get, the pilot replied,'I don't do drugs.'
We'll never run out of math teachers because they always multiply.
In the air duct installers union they have lots of opportunity to vent.
To photograph peas, you need a good try pod.
Never cry when you're playing tennis, because you could be charged with racket tearing.
The eagles club formed an add hawk committee.
That diet clinic is so successful it would take your breadth away.
A bird watcher was recently convicted of storking.
My dog keeps me healthy, so he's my cur for the common cold.
Hospitals that buy in bulk get a valium discount.
You should massage a cow's back before putting it out to posture.
A rubber band pistol was confiscated from algebra class because it was a weapon of math disruption.
I thought I saw an eye doctor on an Alaskan island but it turned out to be an optical Aleutian.
When fish are in schools they sometimes take debate.
Isn't the Grand Canyon just gorges?
Gravity is studied a lot because it's a very attractive field.
The flock of doves decided to stage a coo
Colonels don't carry guns because packing heat could cause them to pop.
Small surfers ride micro waves.
Peacocks are meticulous because they show attention to de tail.
His wife asked him to remove a picture from over the fireplace. It was an off-the-wall remark.
The dieter was at his width's end.
A racehorse's life is always on track.
Puns are the worst vice, and there's no vice versa.
What did the one fly say to the second? Time to send in the swat team.
The book had a hint of foreshadowing.
Two pilgrims were left behind after their diagnostic test came back positive.
I used to be a banker but I lost interest
He said I was average - but he was just being mean.
The Buddhist refused pain-killers during the root canal because he wanted to transcend dental medication.
An electrician, once charged with battery, died before being recharged. Reactions were both positive and negative.
While in Mexico, the chinese diplomat got a ticket for going the Wong way on the Juan Way street.
Garbage collectors don't die, they just kick the can.
Did Delaware her New Jersey? I don't know, Alaska.
Show me a piano thrown into an army trench, and I'll show you A-flat major.
I shouted so loud at the races, I'm now a hoarse whisperer.
The Orchestra ended every concert with a cello solo.  Everyone knows there's always room for cello.
I met a math professor who has 12 children - she really knows how to multiply.
When the lawyer sued the coffin maker, it was an open and shut case.
The conductor lost his train of thought when the caboose derailed.
Don't worry if your favorite dinner becomes unfashionable - at least you'd have one square meal.
The farmer was fowl-mouthed, but his chickens were impeccable.
Florence Nightingale had many suitors because men liked to go with the Flo.
A man ate platefuls and platefuls of chips. His truly was the face that lunched a thousand chips.
The white beets were returned to the produce supplier because they were chard beyond recognition.
The mannequin applied for a job at the day-care centre, it wanted to be a creche test dummy.
The electrician worked on the side as a musician. He was a conductor on the train.
England doesn't have a kidney bank, but it does have a Liverpool
They tried to save him with an I.V. but it was all in vein.
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
The optician fell into the lens grinding machine and made a spectacle of himself.
The personal trainer quit his job because it wasn't working out.
My new expensive vacuum cleaner really sucked.
The cannibal passed his brother in the woods.
Meetings - where we take minutes and waste hours.
A job circumcising elephants isn't so bad.  The base salary is small but the tips are big.
Fishermen don't tell lies - they just get their lines tangled.
New years resolution for the bankrupt gardener was to forget the past and rely on the fuchsia.
How Long is a Chinese man.
The air conditioning contractor was noted for his efficiency because he kept all his ducts in a row.
The Flanders native kept clearing his throat because he was phlegmish.
The first order of priority in hiring math majors is get them to sine on the dotted line
The greatest nut Meg ever knew met a grater.
He gave her a fork for Christmas because there is no tine like the present.
The soup was so bad it was gruel and unusual punishment.
Greys Anatomy has many humerus remarks.
Tom was so tired, he lied about his bed.
An invisible man marries an invisible woman. The kids were nothing to look at either.
Is that pure rump roast? Nothing butt.
The incontinent Scotsman had a wee accident.
The other day I saw a magician walk down the street and turn into a drugstore.
A man walked into a bar with a lump of asphalt under one arm and said to the bartender - A whisky please, and one for the road.
He crashed through several windows, but felt no pane.
If actions speak louder than words then why can't you hear mime artists?
A patient came running to my psychiatry office screaming "I'm a teepee!  I'm a wigwam!"  I told him "Relax, you're two tents".
The soundtrack for the killer whale movie was orcastrated.
If a horse could predict the weather, it would probably say that the weather is stable.
A family went to watch a 007 movie at the theatre, it was a bonding experience.
Did you hear the one about the tall wizard who complained he couldn't cast any spells because he was short staffed?
A boy told his parents he wanted to raise goats for a living, but he was only kidding.
The farmer gave his chickens a bushel of feed, but they only took a peck.
He was so pickled that he was hard of herring.
Yesterday a cow saved my life - it was bovine intervention.
When it comes to making desserts you really take the cake.
My brother saved money by shaving his head rather than going to the barber. You might say he was making cutbacks.
When you get a  transfusion in a Taiwanese hospital, you receive Taipei blood.
Have you ever been to Engagement, Ohio? It's between Dayton and Marysville.
Two attractive female birds were showing off in front of some males. Both had spent two hours at the hairdresser, but it was the curly bird that got the perm.
A practical Czech is considered to be Praguematic.
When the Nomadic tree senses danger it packs up its trunk and leaves.
This is some pretty good tapioca. That's one way of pudding it.
Why did the banana go to the psychiatrist? Because it had a split personality.
Rosemary was always late delivering packages. This prompted the head of International Herbs & Spices to call her supervisor, demanding to speak to the parcel sage about Rosemary and time.
My favorite allergy song is Blowin' in the Wind by Peter Pollen Mary.
The math teacher was hungry, but all she had to eat was a piece of pi.
When vegetables want to converse with petunias, they use a cell phone and cauliflower.
You can't trust a tiger. You never know when he might be lion.
On a lark, the bird watcher was robin the liquor store, even though he couldn't swallow.
The frog went unnoticed in the milkshake because it blended so well.
Running around your yard for thousands of miles would be quite a feet.
A garbage man digging through the trash says - Man, am I down in the dumps today.
Jack and Jill is the best nursery rhyme as others pail in comparison.
Arab musical composers teach their children to play Haydn Sheik.
The truly enlightened have homes with two Karma garages.
If you don't pursue your dream of being a great and compassionate landlord, does that make you a lesser lessor?
The baseball player made a clean move with the girl but then he struck out.
Biologists have recently produced immortal frogs by removing their vocal cords. They can't croak.
The car stopped with a jerk, then the  jerk got out.
Its amazing how eagles catch their prey, they must be really talonted.
The two desk lamps were considered to be social-lights, because they kept going out at night together.
I once had insomnia so bad I was awake until it dawned on me.
What kind of tree grows on your hand? A palm tree.
Purchasing land in Baton Rouge won't bayou a thing.
I had such a bad cold, I thought I was coffin to death.
After being treated by an optometrist, the bird seed.
The visitor was always the first to arrive because he did not want to be second guest by anyone.
The first duck wouldn't go in the water. The other duck said "What are you, chicken?".
Spelunking can be a most grottofying experience.
An argument over puppy selection is a pique of the litter.
Do you have any parting words? - How about comb and brush?
French gendarmes don't use yellow crime scene tape but prefer cordon bleu.
Aged attorneys retire because they're tired of the old writ race.
The smartest nut mixtures have some macadamia.
One scholar claimed that others could count on him to get even with odd numbers.
Gravity, it's always putting everyone down.
When kissing flowers, tulips are better than one.
The inept mathematician couldn't count on his friends.
The novice executioner couldn't get the hang of it.
Hangmen always keep their customers in the loop.
If a priest is called a white collar worker, then a nun would be a creature of habit.
Your very last breath will be a fatal blow.
For health conscious individuals, eating prunes is the way to go.
The riot at Macy's was called a shopping maul.
Using deodorant is no sweat.
The trumpeter blew it while auditioning for the symphony.
What does a storm-cloud wear under it's coat . . . . Thunderwear!
Most rules of thumb suck.
Packing up and relocating to a new home can be a moving experience.
For the woman who wore size 13, finding shoes that fit was no small feat.
Atom bombs dropped on coral islands took atoll on them.
When asked how the season was going, the baseball coach replied saying that it was in full swing.
The insane are crazy about fruit cake.
A man used money that he had inherited from his late father and put an addition on his house. It was an heir extension.
Patients usually feel better after receiving hand transplants.
Roanoke - that's where wooden oars are made.
The dead batteries were given out free of charge.
The harm caused by sibling rivalry is relative.
My rechargeable batteries are revolting.
Everyone's fuming over the high cost of gas.
Two monocles were making love in front of a window and made spectacles of themselves.
If you have sticky buns you shouldn't put pants on.
He told her he was pining for her, but she just thought he was being sappy.
The scuba diving student was in over his head.
An online poker tournament ended suddenly when the computer cached in its chips.
My battery had an alkaline problem, so it went to AA meetings.
To stay fit the priest exorcises.
People who get complimented on their hair usually let it go to their head.
A boy who instinctively waves at people has a natural hi.
Morticians make you feel dead gorgeous.
His plan to manufacture pencils just didn't draw attention.
The rabbi became a professional golfer because he was good at making the cut.
The plastic surgeon put his patient's nose to the grindstone.
The valuable dog was still missing, believed stolen, however the police announced they have a lead.
The twin girls rented flora to offices.  They called their business 'Sisterhood of the Traveling Plants'.
I have a real problem with splinters, but touch wood I won't get any more.
The mime wanted to say something, but he wasn't aloud.
Pre-arranged marriages pre-pair people for the future.
When one is afflicted with loss of balance they never quite know vertigo.
Graveyard workers really dig their jobs.
What did the guy say, who needed the restroom, when he found someone blocking him? 'Urine my way'.
When I had my PlayStation stolen, my family were there to console me.
Don't swear at your hairpiece or you will have the devil toupee.
The leech applied for the art position because he was good at drawing blood.
Everyone agreed that the actor, who had played a hostage, had given a captivating performance.
What's the difference between a Shaker and a Quaker? About two points on the Richter Scale.
He's too lazy to draw water when the electricity is out. You could call it a lack of well power.
The student who got an A grade in driver's ed, was known as a 'Roads Scholar'.
What do you call a doctor who treats retired soldiers? A veteran-arian.
Graduates receiving their doctorates often get the third degree.
Baseball on a foggy day is all about hit and mist.
Fashionable women in Indiana all wear designer Hoosiery.
The computer bug got caught in a spider website.
Computer hackers surf the web on keyboards.
When the orange played the lemon at tennis, the score was deuce.
What did the triangle say to the circle?  You're so pointless.
Russia was slow to recover after WW2 because it kept Stalin around.
The shy stripper couldn't bare it on stage.
Mr. Mushroom could never understand why he wasn't looked on as a real fun guy.
Why was the car embarrassed? Because it had gas!
I went to see my guru but he wasn't omm.
Did you hear about the compulsive fisherman?  He was really hooked on it.
Did you hear about the vampire who used to torture his victims with music? His Bach was worse than his bite.
Drinking too much of a certain potent potable may require a leave of absinthe.
In the delivery room, the unborn infant expected to be given a wide berth.
The fish liked cold food, but the bait was a little worm.
There was a wolf named Tim and he decided to shave off all his fur in the middle of winter. What did the other wolves call him after that? Tim-Burr-Wolf.
What do you call a mean Ancient Egyptian leader? Un-fair-oh.
Today a truck hit my car.  I wasn't hurt but I got the freight of my life.
Most teenagers find a lecturing parent hear-resistable.
The recent windstorm through the trees was an absolute debarkle.
He was able to listen to his favorite radio show in the morning because he had an AM radio
The top maths student's blood type was A+.
The sign language teacher was very good with her hands.
In War of the Worlds, humans survived the attack because of their unalienable right to life.
Reassuring his employees in the dry goods division that no one will lose their job, the president of a dairy corporation said, 'The company is in powder form!'.
I couldn't quite remember how to throw a boomerang, but eventually it came back to me.
It's a fact, taller people sleep longer in bed.
Does a shepherd get a staff discount?  Or is he just a crook?
An optometrist told his patient: 'It appears your vision is improving!' 'Really?' replied the patient. 'Must be the luck of the iris.'
Undertakers' Motto - Trust us. We are the very last ones to put you down.
Why don't people like to talk to garbage men?  They mostly talk trash.
Break a bone today and you'll hurt to marrow.
Why did the sleuth always carry an umbrella with him? He had been told that it was mist defying.
The streets in the capital of Afghanistan are paved with Kabulstones.
The annoying dermatologist was beginning to get under my skin.
The man brought an umbrella with him into the ice cream store because he heard there was a chance of sprinkles.
She quit her job as a stenographer as she hated being dictated to.
The magician who loved his chocolate could perform a lot of Twix.
Big spenders have a whole lot of purse-onality.
The optometrist moonlighted as a jazz musician so he could continue to improve-eyes.
The All-Pro wide receiver's wedding was a little bit shaky, but his reception was excellent.
When the beautician was asked to complete her make-up work she blushed.
Choosing to use either bark or rocks in the garden can be a tu-mulch-uous decision.
Don't needle a hairdresser when she's trying to stylus.
There was a sign on the lawn at a drug re-hab center that said 'Keep off the Grass'.
What do you call a arrogant fugitive falling from a building? Condescending.
Did you hear about the frog who traced his family history to Warsaw? He was a tad Polish.
I wanted to have dinner at a native American themed restaurant, but I didn't have reservations.
It's OK to watch an elephant bathe as they usually have their trunks on.
Old white blood cells lymph around the body.
Staying at the trendy, new hotel was the inn thing to do.
Listening to choral music is an a-choir-ed taste.
If a dog was computer literate, would his bark be worse than his byte?
Church disputes can be settled with canons.
No one knew who was attacking the castle until we learned it was the forces of Sir Nymbas of Cumulus, the legendary Dark and Stormy Knight.
My friend is very paranoid.  He says people are either foe him or against him.
Is Louis' Arm strong enough to play a trumpet?
Who was the slowest of the ancient Greek philosophers? Aristurtle.
Whitewater rafting guides get to work by taking rapid transit.
My heart starts aiken when Clay sings.
My wife is trying to lose weight but continues to frequent the coffee shops for rich beverages and delicacies. You could say she is making a moccary of her diet.
The amberdextrous thief was caught yellow-handed.
Byte-ing humor can be found reading jokes online.
What did Aristurtle's followers call themselves?  The Sloics.
I saw a beaver movie last night, it was the best dam movie I've ever seen.
A hole has been found in the nudist camp wall. The police are looking into it.
5000 hares have escaped from the zoo. The police are combing the area.
Males who wonder why they should have a prostate exam usually get it in the end.
I keep reading 'The Lord of the Rings' over and over. I guess it's just force of hobbit.
I was going to study the work of Sigmund Freud, but I was too Jung to understand it.
What do you call a lion wearing a stylish hat? A dandy lion.
There is a growing body of obesity research.
Watching your own back is a sign of flexibility.
Meet me at the clothes line. That's where I hang out!
I bought a computer from The Nero Company.  It comes with a CD/Rome burner.
The diet industry enjoys a heavy bottom line.
Sweet potatoes? I yam impressed!
When the poetess died she went to meter maker.
Some rappers are good but others are Ludacris.
The hole dug to bury a Latvian carpenter is known as a Riga mortise.
Did you hear about the father that was difficult to see? He was transparent.
When my friend started to go bald, I tried not to laugh, but he looked hair-larious.
Feminists are a pain in the Greer!
I wanted cottage cheese with my meal so I ordered from the a la curd menu.
What do you call a melon that's not allowed to get married? Can't elope.
I dropped out of my communism class because of lousy Marx.
A former doctor, while auditioning for a play, broke his leg. But luckily, he could still make the cast.
The aluminum foiled my plans.
When the florist was running behind in delivering the roses, he had to put the petal to the metal.
The arrogant math teacher finally ate a slice of humble pi.
I watched a movie about a baby hen, it was a real chick flick.
The science teachers broke up because there was no chemistry between them.
That Italian chef is really annoying.  He's making a pesto himself.
A clown decided to retire and hand over the business to his son.  His son said, 'I don't know dad, those are big shoes to fill'.
The compensation received by the Italian chef was a pretty penne.
The photograph that I took of the sandstorm turned out grainy.
The high priest was arrested on drug charges.
Tires cost 100 bucks a pop.
A group of ballerinas were wearing their tutus. A couple of extra costumes arrived but they thought they might be tutu many.
Someone led me to believe that graphite was discovered in Pennsylvania.
While the music was playing the geology teacher was rocking around.
My friend said, 'There's a lot of gold in those hills.' I replied, 'That's a load of bullion.'.
After several losses, our band entered another competition and was the winner. That was a first for us.
I get my large circumference from too much pi.
No matter how much you push the envelope, it'll still be stationery.
The plumber had to quit his job because it was too much of a drain.
A sign at a cemetery reads, 'No Trespassing, Violators Will Face Grave Charges'.
He rose through the ranks of the International Corn Growers association, eventually becoming a kernel.
I call my fax machine 'Bob Marley' because it keeps jammin.
I got a great bargain the other day when I bought a forklift for half-price. It's amazing what you can pick up these days.
Have you heard the joke about the airplane? No. Well, it was way over your head anyway.
A man changed a light bulb in the Empire state building and that was the highlight of his career.
Scientists have created a flea from scratch.
When I'm lying on the floor, I feel like the whole world is against me.
When the newspaper closed, the staff felt depressed.
They replaced the baseball with an orange to add zest to the game.
At a furniture makers convention there's a lot of round-table and table-top discussions.
The Department of Corrections has a large budget for liquid paper.
The prisoner had a very short sentence.  He was a contemporary.
The obese editor started a weight redaction program.
I just offered someone a job and they accepted, so I offered him my contractulations.
Comedians, the biggest joke going.
I'm blind enough to look at the situation in the wrong fashion, so I changed my clothes.
Why did the man go to a lot of church cook-outs?  Because it's hard to find a good grill.
I've been to the dentist several times so I know the drill.
It is difficult to escape being a peasant because resistance is feudal.
A podiatrist knows defeat.
Why not take a break in the south of France? You've nothing Toulouse.
The parsley farmer couldn't pay his child support, so the courts garnished his wages.
Make no bones about it but the ulna has a humerus side to it.
I couldn't stand to be without my legs.
To be a mountain climber one needs to be in peak condition.
She became an art dealer because she wanted more Monet.
In certain sexual harassment cases things can get kind of touchy.
I can't really see myself without eyes.
He marketed his hula-hoop internationally because it was whirled wide.
The oil well driller had a boring job.
Retired teachers are classless.
George Westinghouse was a refrigerator magnate.
The knights facing each other at King Arthur's table disagreed a lot, because they were diametrically opposed.
Where would you go to mail a loaf of bread? The Toast Office.
How do bunnies that don't have a car commute to work? The Rabbit Transit.
I wanted to exercise last night but it just didn't work out.
A man walked into a chimney store and asked 'How much for this one?'. The salesman replied 'It's on the house.'
Do the people who climb the world's highest mountain ever rest?
Being crushed by large objects can be very depressing.
The diners were fully sated, unaware that the wurst was yet to come.
When I saw the gorgeous blonde dame leave the tattoo parlor I knew she had trouble written all over her.
Some prison inmates fell into poison ivy and started a rash of breakouts.
I met some cult members who worshiped soup serving utensils.  I said, 'Oh ye of ladle faith.'
Correspondence citing farm machinery defects would be a Deere John letter.
Lions always take great pride in their families.
I was fixated on the pain in my bad tooth. I was abscessed by it.
Ever since Molly moved to Montana she wanted a shiny new kitchen with chrome on the range.
A museum is a thing of the past.
Many descendants of early Mexicans have the kinds of jobs one would expect - as techs.
A sparrow can't hold much in its beak but a pelican.
The retired track official has started forgetting things.  He has old timer's disease.
The Jedi Knight traded in his light saber for a light dagger.  He had gone over to the dirk side.
So, how's the flower business going? Oh, it's blossoming quite nicely.
Are Philosophy papers graded with Marx out of ten?
The leader of the sauce council is the mayor naise.
Don't join dangerous cults: Practice safe sects!
Beats me why anyone would want to be a masochist.
The only similarity between ancient times and the 1970's is that both were full of people getting stoned.
I wanted to be a fisherman for the halibut, but I floundered. I couldn't live off my net income.
Did you hear about the vet that had to prescribe Viagra to the alligator? It had reptile dysfunction.
After Junior swallowed the watch he had to wait to pass the time.
When the woman got paid for being in a study at the sleep clinic, she said it was her dream job.
I had an appointment with the chiropractor, but I backed out.
The cat took up computer lessons in hopes of mastering its grip on a mouse.
The mortician was late for dinner because he was buried in his work.
The hiking shop employs people from all walks of life.
Of course you know about the self-taught comedian who made a fool of himself.
That skeleton thinks he's just bad to the bone.
An old lady once asked the dispatcher of a local trucking company if they could ship an antique mirror to her sister in Toronto. The dispatcher says, 'I don't know madam, I'd have to look into it first'.
The Junior NCO had sore wrists. The doctor said it was corporal tunnel syndrome.
The designer wondered why his pirate room wasn't perfect, and the judge told him he went a little overboard.
Juneau Alaska? It's up there next to Canada, Yukon see it on a map, so it's not just an Aleutian.
It's only fitting that it's tailors who pull the wool over our eyes.
The divorced couple hurled Angostura and Boston cream pie at each other - it was a bitter, custardy dispute.
'Not only was I stumped,' said the lumberjack, 'but I was barking up the wrong tree.'
Thought you tied your shoes right, eh? Frayed knot.
He auditioned for a part as a trumpet player but he blew it.
I support both of my wives very well. I think that's big o' me.
The salesman was peddling used bikes.
My computer is so slow it hertz.
If they ever have a contest for the best looking mannequin, there will be stiff competition.
The male pig puts everyone to sleep. You could say he's quite the boar.
Sign in an electrician's shop  'We will refuse you.'
Math class is full of drama. There are so many problems to work out.
Everyone got plastered for the Beethoven rehearsal. It was the bottom of the Ninth, chorus tight, basses loaded.
When entering a funeral home, remember to stay alert and always look alive!
Subdued: A surfer guy on a submarine...
'Should we watch the Swiss?'. 'Of quartz we should.'
The bank's clients went belly-up due to phishing operations.
An opinionated but cheap person never truly gives their two cents.
The guilty caviar was rightly sentenced to death roe.
The elderly chef retired because his sage was showing.
Aliens can easily understand each other because their language is universal.
Why was the rabbit depressed? He was just going through a bad patch!
If you give your sweetie pretty flowers will she turn on her flirty powers.
What is the difference between a nicely dressed man on a tricycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle? A tire.
The dictator was really upset about the neckwear he had received as a gift.  What a tie rant.
What do you call a rabbit with lots of flees? Bugs Bunny.
When one of her grandsons misbehaves the queen is having a bad heir day.
The dervish had so much endurance, he set a new whirled record.
The father who worked as a baker was a real breadwinner.
The actor was never quite right after he retired. He had Post Dramatic Stress Disorder.
When the CEO dropped his brownie on the calculator, was he trying to fudge the numbers?
Encylopedias are loud. They speak volumes.
He wanted desperately to be a good golfer - you could say he had a driving ambition.
What do you say when someone takes your cheese? Leave my provologne.
Making gloves is a real hands-on experience.
An orthodontist was found dead, killed with a hatchet. However, no one was arrested as the death was declared axe-idental.
Yesterday I slept on a battery, it was a good power nap.
The boy had never played basketball before so he decided to give it a shot.
The boy wailed when he saw the dead Orca.
Most samurai refused to shave. They were bushi.
My friend Cliff helped me through a really hard time, he was my rock.
It seems like it's always Patsy's fault.
I couldn't figure out how to fasten my seatbelt. Then it clicked.
In ancient times, seagoing vessels were much more fuel efficient. They got thousands of miles to the galleon.
Sign on a broken perfume bottle, "Out of odor".
Some people really enjoy blowing air out of their lungs - I'm not a fan myself.
We wanted to play a game of cards but we only had half a deck. It was no big deal.
Is the water on your farm healthy? Yes, we only have well water.
Vandalism is just a stone's throw away.
She became a telephone operator because it was her calling.
The little green men told me it was the Dog Star. I told them they can't be Sirius.
The psychic went out of business. I wonder if she saw that coming.
Wally wanted a career with a big hamburger chain but he got into a pickle when he couldn't cut the mustard.
My advanced geometry class is full of squares.
A man tried working in a shoe store, but he just couldn't seem to fit in.
People can't seem to agree on Global Warming because it's a polar icing issue.
I felt sick after I ate the scallopini. I didn't veal well at all.
People often ask me if I enjoy working with seafood. I tell them I'm accident prawn.
When I found out the fellow took time of work to get a sex change operation I realized something was amiss.
Isn't it strange that Sitting Bull fought at Custer's Last Stand?
A telecommunications analyst in a boxing match knows when to ring the bell.
The statistician attended the dance stag. He didn't have any data.
A blood-sucking arachnid from the moon would be a Luna tick.
The English Teacher felt odd after being fired: it was post-grammatic stress disorder.
The middle east does not need any psychiatrists because there are nomad people.
Two needles of different length will never see eye to eye.
One of these new shoes isn't right.
Most airline food is pretty bad, but their haggis is just plane offal.
The surgeon really did not know how to perform quick surgeries on insects, but he did one on the fly.
The display of still-life art was not at all moving!
Is it true that exits are on the way out?
Eiffel in love in Paris.
Tinker Bell was arrested for being suspiciously high. But in the end she was only fined for glittering.
I bought a metronome for 20 bucks. You can't beat that price.
There was a massive outcry against the plan to build a power line across a nature preserve. The public couldn't bear the tension.
Are ubiquitous? No, I ambiguous.
What did the minister say to the underdressed layman? "No shoes, no shirt, no service"
The police barbershop quartet's favorite song is "Donuts make my brown eyes blue."
The manicurist asked for finger tips after she had finished the job.
The stock market crashes, but Viagra beats the flop.
People who see a psychiatrist should get their head checked.
Some people marry for love, others for wealth. That's why it is called match or money.
Did you hear about my friend who hired out vampires and poison, and my other friend who ate children? Could say the first one was the lessor of two evils.
It's not that the man did not know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it.
Women who wear $200.00 perfume obviously are known to have no common scents.
Did you hear about the fight at a local Laundromat? A washing machine beat the crap out of a diaper.
When bungee jumping never ask anyone to cut you some slack.
The manicurist went back to college to become a veterinarian. She was great at giving a pet a cure.
Old cotton-pickers never die. They just bale out.
My favorite rapper is the Easter bunny, he's really in to hip hop.
One night a banking tycoon fell overboard from his yacht. He was saved because he could float a loan.
I never have understood how you're supposed to hit anything with a bat.....it keeps flying away.
The stove cleaner was so worried about the front grill that he put everything else on the back burner.
The former Dallas running back told me the most amazing story. It was Emmit's myth.
I paid $100 for eight legs of venison. Do you think this was two deer?
If I drink a lot of Geritol am I consuming a fossil fuel?
The other animals shunned the kangaroo. They treated him like a leaper.
Why do all Marxists drink imitation tea? Because all proper tea is theft.
A soldier is someone who stands in formation to receive information.
If you're dying to purchase cropland in Thailand, then you've baht the farm.
In baseball, if you can't steal abase, then you won't make degrade.
The man who survived mustard gas and pepper spray is now a seasoned veteran.
Two hats were hanging on a hat rack in the hallway. One hat says to the other, 'You stay here, I'll go on a head.'.
'We've lost too much to the Indian princess at that card game,' declared Capt. John Smith, 'but don't let poker haunt us.'.
During an earthquake in California a bank went into default.
The invisible cows were herd but not seen.
I needed a raise in my allowance. Mowing the grass all summer just wasn't cutting it.
That gas pump must be sick. It doesn't fill well.
The Fraternity member was hungry so he eta pi.
In each town on his trip, the baseball player made a short stop.
That convicted killer is calm today, but by tomorrow he will be high strung.
Diabetics should not be allowed to have sweet dreams.
It's hard to wear your heart on your sleeve if all you own is tanktops.
I thought I'd try out to be a jockey but there was just too much horsing around and I realised I wasn't in the race.
What do people buy coffee with? Starbucks.
Brad Pitt makes Angelina jolly.
You really are addicted to soccer, you should think of kicking the habit.
Greeks can't stay out late because they have a Corfu.
The player felt debased after the ball knocked him off second.
Where do rich people eat their poultry? The chicken wing.
There's a Sin dividing line between heaven and hell.
A man sprayed a boy with ceiling foam. He was arrested for insulating behavior.
When the cannibal showed up late to the luncheon, they gave him the cold shoulder.
I always prayed before my trigonometry tests. I was hoping for a sine from above.
Even though Catholics in space are weightless, do they have mass?
As a young boy, Brutus' mother often cautioned him not to run with Caesars.
The artist was great.  He could always draw a crowd.
I hear the Sylvester Stallone Film Festival got off to a rocky start.
After the shepherd retired he felt ewes less.
One evening King Arthur's men discovered Sir Lancelot's moonshine whiskey operation and shattered the still of the knight.
When longshoremen show up late for work they get docked.
The doctor couldn't transfer the organs because he didn't have the guts to do it.
In the morning a lawyer walked on his lawn and experienced the dew process.
Building a cul-de-sac would be a bit of a dead-end job.
I wanted to make something for breakfast, and toast was the first thing to pop into my head.
What do prize fighters do before and after work? Punch in and punch out.
Wife to husband, "That was an explosive passage of gas, I'd say about 8.0 on the sphincter scale."
A roofer got arrested recently. He flashed a chimney.
Unfortunately, no one won the lemon eating contest. They all went home with a sour-taste in their mouth.
The author wasn't pleased to see a review of his book on cappuccino's. It said it was all froth and no substance.
Put a piece of beef between two pieces of bread and you have a bull-only sandwich.
What do they call all that lumber on the Star Trek's Enterprise? Captain's log.
Trust your calculator. It's something to count on.
No one wanted to see the naked banana. I guess it just lacked appeal!
The warden gave the inmates acne medicine hoping it would keep them from breaking out.
The unveiling of the statue was a monumental occasion.
You've got more issues than Time magazine.
When baking dog biscuits, be sure to use collie flour.
The skunk is an animal of distinktion.
I bought me some of those new paper shirts. I don't like them - they're tearable.
If you have to pay to go to the river, we'd better stop at the bank.
If you crash into a Volkswagen Golf, does that make a hole in one?
A portrayal of dictators on film required a tsar-studded cast.
Amenities - the Greek goddess of luxury.
I used to be able to clap with just one hand. But that was Zen, this is Tao.
Time is money. Overtime is more money.
So you want me to go to the beach with you? I'm not shore I can make it.
Joe refused to eat sushi because it looks fishy.
Superfluous refers to a bad case of the flu.
The best way to make a baseball bat is to carve it by hand. Using a machine is just lathe-y.
We are all speaking American. Is this a country diction in terms?
When traveling between Russia and Alaska, you first must get your Bering Strait.
She could only compose music in 3/4 time. She had waltz timer's disease.
A man brought his retriever to the vet for some tests and had to pay a lab fee.
The cosmetic student was sick on the day of the final exam. Now she has to take a Make Up exam.
After punching his computer and breaking his hand, the guy required tech knuckle support.
The number 10210 is too intense.
Why can't we let evil people have flutes? Because then the terrorists woodwind.
I ordered whole wheat toast but it tasted funny. I think something was awry.
The overweight fighter pilot was grounded for violating the rules of engorgement.
The concession stand at the circus had very good coffee. It was the greatest joe on earth.
Finding area is an integral part of calculus.
The barber did well at house breaking as he was good at cutting locks.
Some scientists who study our genes are so busy they do it on the fly.
To know avail is to know a scarf.
The port was very beautiful. The sailors said it was haven on earth.
One Sunday afternoon the Three Musketeers played a game of touch&eacute football.
The decision to begin construction on the Empire State Building was a groundbreaking historical event.
When the hockey player came home he gave his wife a puck on the cheek.
How do pinnipeds communicate? With seal phones.
I used to enjoy kabuki theatre, but now I prefer noh drama.
Junior loved being a member of the wrestling team even though he was prone to lose.
Pencils could be made with erasers at both ends, but what would be the point?
For a while, Houdini used a lot of trap doors in his act, but he was just going through a stage.
If a judge loves the sound of his own voice, expect a long sentence.
The workers at that inn are very unfriendly. They create a hostel environment.
I once knew a woman who turned into a deer when the moon was full. She was a real weredoe.
The study of ancient symbols will lead you to rune.
Inflammatory talk is often seen as propane language.
The gingerbread man thought he couldn't be caught, until he met his baker.
The bowling alley employees went on strike when their boss said he couldn't spare them a raise in pay.
Teaching history is old news.
Sick fish go to the sturgeon.
The circus had to renew their insurance policy. They were in a hurry, so the insurance company issued a three ring binder.
An acquaintance of mine let me try his mixture of basil, olive oil, garlic, and ground pine nuts. We immediately became pesto friends.
The dentist's favourite shopping centre was 'The Gap'.
After a night out on the town the wine-drinking pirate captain had a port list.
Everyone was hungry so we had the pig roaster going full boar.
My pet bird can predict the future. He is an omen pigeon.
My girlfriend once gave me a Valentine made of soft leather. What a suede heart.
Cleopatra was the Pharaohs one of all.
The liquor store advertised, 'We De-Liver.'
Banning Viagra was a big flop.
The golfer guessed that his ball landed 20 feet off the fairway. Of course, that was just a rough estimate.
A cheese manufacturer located on the coastline was called Ocean Bries.
I can't recall the last time I did any running, but I've been jogging my memory.
My grandfather manufactured waistcoats - you might say he had a vested interest.
The mathematician did not practice safe six and ended up with a binarial disease.
When she made Mario Puzo's books required reading for her class, she made him an author they couldn't refuse.
During the rainy season I spread out large books for my guests to wipe their feet on.  These are the tomes that dry men's soles.
Why is tea so therapeutic? Because boiling the water raises your self of steam.
Surprisingly, Julius Caesar preferred ranch.
John Deere had a lot of detractors when he announced his invention.
Changing a tire on that crazy Houston freeway was a wrenching experience.
What is a duck's favorite game to play? Billiards.
Communism is a complicated thing. You must think about from all sorts of Engels.
I used to work as a cheesemonger, but I camembert it any longer!
You should always use basil the day you buy it - as they say, herb today, gone tomorrow.
Did you hear about the pig who couldn't tie his own shoe laces? He was too ham fisted.
When I treated my friends to lunch at the Mexican fast food restaurant I had to pay the taco bill.
I like to stay current with the electrifying adventures of Sherlock ohms.
I had some back trouble, but it's all behind me now.
When Wally discovered he had Lyme disease he was really ticked off.
Although I did not know the name of the boy who bumped his chin while playing a song in the children's handbell choir, his face rang a bell.
Even the best bird dog is only good to a point.
I asked somebody a question about pi, their answer was never ending!
The smoker always listened to his favorite Rap artist on his smoke breaks. He was a Tupac a day man.
I can't tell you where to buy soy sauce tonight, but I can shoyu tamari.
The noisy fireworks display in Tibet caused a temporary Lhasa hearing.
I was heading to Hooters but my wife said 'Don't bother, they have gone bust'.
The general started bowling before his aide had entered his name on the score sheet. He had launched a pre-emptive strike.
Let me share with you a couple of keys to playing piano.
Resigned to my fate, I bought 24 bottles of red wine. It was a case of syrah, syrah.
I accidentally left my vacuum cleaner running all night. I guess you could say it was an overnight suck excess.
The trapeze artist had to buy his own safety equipment. Every Friday he drew his net wages.
When Socrates needed to buy food he went to the grocery stoa.
The doctor said it was an infected organ that was causing my bach-ache.
A range-finder is a person who goes shopping for a new stove.
STDs are the result of practicing license without a medicine.
When Jesus entered Jerusalem, people waved palm branches because they were being frondly.
I tried to get a job at a casino but they didn't have a slot for me.  I figured it was a bit of a gamble anyway.
Eve showed up one morning wearing flowers instead of a fig leaf. She was the first woman to wear bloomers.
The rumor that only strained orange juice is healthy was a good example of pulp fiction.
When a vampire decided to become a poet, everyone said he went from bat to verse.
I keep falling off my bike, but I just get right back on it and ride. I'm a firm believer in re-cycling.
Two ladies were discussing the planetarium show they had just seen. One said the show was fantastic. The other agreed but added 'Most of it was over my head.'
Strippers are bad investors as they tend to lose their shirts.
I was enamoured with the famous Paris art museum. It was Louvre at first site.
When the first telephone rang it was Alexander Graham's bell.
Eugene O'Neil once wrote a play about a visit from an optometrist.  He called it, 'The Eyes Man Cometh.'
The men who make draperies might be named curt and rod.
I wanted to join my local rambling club, but the guy I spoke to on the phone just went on and on.
Having too many axe-like tools to do a particular job only adze to the confusion.
The Hong Kong businessman left a huge estate when he died. It was the great will of China.
I was going to order a satellite dish but then I found out that I had to go through channels.
A botanist-turned-prize fighter was penalized for aloe blow.
The explorer was surprised when the Amazon swallowed his companion, because they were still far from the river mouth.
My buddy asked me to look after his pet goose while he was away. I told him I wasn't down with that.
Claribell was so allergic to natural fibres that he had to make his clown suit entirely out of polyjester.
People adorned with Bogus Deuterium Ingots aroused suspicion. Most people said they didn't trust anyone with BDIs.
In the room the curtains were drawn, but the rest of the furniture was real.
I would like to go to Holland one day, wooden shoe?
Sign on the door of an internet hacker. 'Gone Phishing'.
In the office she was frantically looking for her false nails only to discover she had filed them away.
The king never let any of his personal musicians go swimming immediately after eating for fear that they would get minstrel cramps.
In some conifer forests, you can't cedar wood for the trees.
The best place for a mathematician is behind a counter.
Why are Italians so good at making coffee? Because they really know how to espresso themselves.
The police auction was a complete bust.
Have you heard about the sheep who worked in a fish and chip shop? One was a battering ram.
Any golfer will tell you the gospel truth. Your next shot always depends on the lie.
The most striking feature of a match is its distinctive red head.
The body builder worried too much about the lifting contest and his trainer concluded that the mind is a terrible thing to weights.
They said he drank 2 bottles of whisky a day, but it wasn't true. He had to scotch those rumours right away.
The sun was bright on a dry, cloudless morning, but later it waned.
I know road rage is an awful thing but when someone bumped my car I just couldn't help it. I got out my camera and snapped at the offender.
I walked into this posh restaurant, the prices were extortionate, it was daylight snobbery.
The 'Star Wars' character was nicknamed 'Coffee'. His real name was Java the Cup.
Advert for viewing a garden - 'No entrance charge - Comfrey'.
The man put his name on the neck of his shirt so he would have collar ID.
Can Napoleon return to his place of birth? Of Corsican.
The number of kangaroos and wallabies meant for the new wildlife enclosure grew by leaps and bounds.
When I asked if I could get insurance if the nearby volcano erupted they assured me I would be covered.
That's a cool chair. Yeah, I know, it rocks.
One of the first things you'll notice at the Beijing airport is a whole lot of Chinese checkers.
I do a lot of spreadsheets in the office so you can say I'm excelling at work.
He was almost persuaded to invest in a poultry farm, but chickened out at the last minute.
Why do archers shoot arrows? Could it be they are trying to get a point across?
Nobody listens to Bugs Bunny, its all haresay.
'Come see my fishpond', she said coyly.
Would a Mormon working for the Postal Service be a Letter Day Saint?
The boatyard had a sale advertising 'Ketch of the day'.
Old Senators don't die, they just go over the Hill.
Why are the White House Staffers a sad lot? Because after being Bushed for eight years, they can now look forward to being either Baracked or Cained.
The pope, on his 2008 tour in the United States, skipped Mass.
The soap-eating cult was swallowing lyes in search of the truth.
Calendars are always up to date.
After getting pranked by his friends and getting hit with a basket, Aron knew they had a wickerd sense of humour.
A search party was launched, in the dark, for the missing girl. There were quite a mixture of helpers but one boy in particular carried a torch for her.
The busy fish chef had a lox on his plate.
Two geologists were staring at a huge fissure in a cliff face and one was overheard to say 'It's not my fault'.
You would think that being a submarine captain would pay well, but I hear they can't keep their heads above water.
Bob was not the only one arrested for growing marijuana when the cops found out that it was actually a joint venture.
What do you put in an urban garden to watch over your beets? A metrognome.
Dutch shoes used to be made in a factory machine, until it got clogged up.
Many folks have known about the plight of the spotted owl but never gave a hoot about it.
I don't like hanging out at the pancake house, that place gives me the crepes!
Making fun of a tree is a knock on wood.
An English teacher, who was dreadfully afraid of insects, while on a picnic screamed like a little girl when he saw there was an antonym.
The pod vegetables I bought for the gumbo I was making were so-so. They were medi-okra.
To keep someone from stealing your shipments of smoked salmon, secure them with lox.
Is an uninfected tooth in a pre-carious state?
Old calendars are outdated.
Those simian figure skaters are very good. They make prime eights.
Even though he contributes either the X or Y chromosome, when a father chooses the sex of his child it's just a sperm of the moment decision.
A flat rate is the monthly rent for an apartment.
I made a really cheesy pun about quesadillas the other day.
The thought of having no alternative to soap never washed with the inventor of shower gel.
I was only going to buy one ounce of pot from a friend but I got a pound instead. It was a smokin deal.
An electrician is a bright spark who knows what's watt.
The price of the big fan blew me away.
Little Jimmy told his teacher he never saw a humming bird but he had watched a spelling bee.
After the transvestite escaped from prison the only thing the police could tell the press was that she was still a broad.
The moose had indigestion so he took an elkaseltzer.
The untruthful deli clerk was full of baloney.
A box full to the brim with jelly jars is jam-packed.
I didn't know which hammer to get, but I think I nailed it.
Why was Farmer Brown angry? Someone got his goat.
When the pirate captain's ship ran aground he couldn't fathom why.
My Uncle refused to obey his controlling wife, proving to be most defy-aunt.
The railway constructions are on track.
Did you hear about the man who got his finger stuck in his computer? He was trying to insert his thumb drive.
I have taken it a pun myself to find a good pun!
When the orchard owner went to trial he was judged by a jury of his pears.
The miser wasn't able to stop on a dime.
To run an electrical shop, you need a volting ambition to take charge.
When making macaroni and cheese I didn't use the colander longer enough, and wife gave me a restraining order.
Cod liver oil is good for you and that's official.
I thought I only had enough flour to bake one loaf, but after I added yeast I had eleven breads.
Yesterday I rode my bike twice, I guess that makes me a recycler.
Could another name for a tire factory be a tread mill?
The big city reporter did not impress the Idaho potato farmer, after all he was just a commentator.
Charles fell into the meat grinder. Now he's ground Chuck.
How do spacemen add more protein to their diet? They make it meteor.
Oil executives are always using crude language.
You're telling me that's an alligator? That's a croc!
Petra the Muscovite was gneiss to a fault but stony when taken for granite.
One minute I'm sure I want to buy a motorbike, the next minute I'm sure I don't want to. It's a vicious cycle.
I noticed the article about peripheral vision out of the corner of my eye.
Whenever the nurses have a bad day they just keep needling people.
Winning candy as a prize is always a sweet victory.
One ear of corn said to the other 'You're getting husky'.
Did you see guys that Bob the ventriloquist hangs out with? They're nothing special, just a bunch of dummies.
I hate it when motorcyclists hog the road.
Don't jump to conclusions if they are off the wall.
How does a Welsh man eat cheese? Caerphilly.
As I revived her using mouth to mouth resuscitation, in spite of my lisp, I couldn't help noticing her beautiful breaths!
Vines are extremely short-tempered. They snap at the slightest wind.
A jelly truck and a biscuit truck collided yesterday - police are a trifle concerned.
I bought my wife a really cute bell ringer for the front door - it was a door a bell.
Two pencils decided to have a race. The outcome was a draw.
Soon after Sir Lancelot moved to Egypt he opened his very successful Used Camel Lot.
The chicken knew the first leg of his trip would take him to Buffalo. From there he would wing it.
When Caesar entered the Senate all hail broke loose.
Length times width times height speaks volumes.
I beat the eggs and I whip the cream, but the onion always makes me cry.
I told the artist that his painting was terrible. I think he got the picture.
I'm going to the guillotine at dawn and my wife has already collected my severance pay.
The landscaper was looking to improve his portfolio. He was interested in hedge funds.
Gladys the seamstress was recently inducted into the Pin Pushers Hall of Fame. I guess now she is a status thimble.
A lupine dancer is a steppin' wolf.
The ghost practiced scaring people night after night. He was finally ready for his day boo.
In Egypt archaeologists pyramid the ruins for mummies and those places where ancient wrappers performed.
Rocky Road chocolate is best served stone cold.
The ballet shoes made a pointe.
The scorpion said to the desert, 'You know, our conversations are always so dry.'
Wow, thanks for the tea. I'm glad I got to Chai it.
A crazed insect discovered in the organic garden of a convent was found nun compost mantis.
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.
The reason for the mysterious fog near Cape Cod is hazy but when it disappears it won't be mist.
If intervening was an olympic sport, he'd win the gold meddle.
I once considered becoming a monk when I was young but I was cloisterphobic.
I wanted to be a clarinettist but I couldn't reed music.
When the man was shot with a BB gun the case ended up in a pellet court.
They say curiosity killed the cat, and they weren't kitten.
Smartly dressed poultry would be called chic hens.
Pompous male bees are often known to drone on about themselves.
A boating accident between the yacht, Red Dawn, and the schooner, Blue Lagoon, left the survivors marooned.
Where do peas have their sight tested? In an iPod.
A bee's dream is to someday live in Pollenisia.
This diet is wearing me thin.
You don't know anything at all about ancient Egypt? Tut, tut, tut.
My first job was peddling designer clothing. I was a Dior to Dior salesman.
Some orchestra conductors make their mark in the world of opera. They were in the right aria at the right time.
When thunderstorms felt that they weren't getting paid enough, they went on a lightning strike.
The Biomedical Engineer didn't have the heart to check the EKG machine.
Some resist having the 'flu jab but it's quite innocuous.
He said his dog won first in class. I smiled only as a cur to see.
What would be the brand name of the highest quality copy paper money could buy? The ream of the crop!
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall - and a pretty good spring and summer, too.
How do farmers make crop circles? With a protractor.
The careless pyromaniac made an ash of himself.
Opening a new funeral parlor can be quite an undertaking.
My friend had amnesia and couldn't remember how to walk up the stairs, so I had to go back and teach him step by step.
The cowboy dismounted on the spur of the moment to stirrup some trouble, bridled at being arrested and saddled the sheriff with a bit of a problem.
My neurologist is testing my last nerve.
I wasn't allowed to be in Star Wars, because I tested positive for droids.
The runaway beer truck barrelled down the freeway after its driver was mugged.
Stamp out excessive postage prices.
This is the best guy I've met to date.
I'll never forget that rainstorm near Los Angeles and how the rain came down in Torrance.
Someone once accused me of stealing an old, rare, valuable stamp, and I philately denied it.
Reported sightings of the abominable snowman are yeti to be confirmed.
The man found something to catch fish, which was a net gain.
I knew I had gone too far when I cheated the convicted gem smuggler. I had crossed the ruby con.
Just in time for Thanksgiving a blockbuster movie about sweet potatoes, 'The Silence of the Yams'.
Even though Ashley was blind and under arrest, she still had hope that someone would brail her out.
I used to think I'd hate Italian food, but I finally decided to give pizza a chance.
Stealing Santa's bag of toys on Christmas Eve would be absolute sacrilege!
I finished my trigonometry exam without a secant to lose.
Although Nobelists tend to have dynamite personalities, Niels was a Bohr, and Linus was a Pauling.
Why did the admiral decide against buying a new hat? He was afraid of cap sizing.
If ionized fertilizer is delivered after business hours, the nitrate will be charged.
Decimals have a point.
The bargain store promised a free abacus with every purchase, but I wouldn't count on it.
Why did the proton blush? It was positively attracted to the electron.
The Lautrec miniature slipped from its frame because it was a little Toulouse.
I continually asked the track coach about joining the team but he just kept giving me the run-around.
Underwater ophthalmology lens itself to more aqueous humor and cornea puns.
My friend lives by a cliff he's always telling me to drop over.
A stewed chef sat pie-eyed as the crusty judge took his caraway, a punnish mint a long thyme cumin.
If you want to live in a small apartment, you should look for a condominimum.
Insurance adjustors are always at a loss.
The geologist turned bank robber had lost his marbles when he swore the missing bank deposits were not his fault and he had a clean slate.
You sound a little hoarse. Yeah, I feel a colt coming on.
The short-order crook poached his eggs, shaved his chocolate, welched on his rabbits, and even his pastry was stollen.
I gave in when my wife hounded me about getting a puppy.
Atheists don't solve exponential equations because they don't believe in higher powers.
The proctologist reassured the patient that his condition could be rectified.
The calculus teacher tried to keep his students on task, but the class discussion kept going off on tangents.
The man who bought too much graphing paper didn't know where to draw the line.
A wig van blew up on the motorway - police are combing the area.
I need to do my philosophy homework but I just Kant.
Are giraffes good pets or are they too high maintenance?
The bride's best friend is so proud, she's practically made of honor.
There is only one way to open the door and that is the key.
A flat-rate poetry tax would be a perverse form of greed.
The man loved to play with kangaroos - he got a kick out of it.
A poetic hack anapest iamb, but it could be verse.
When the waiter told me they were out of corn I said, 'That really shucks.'
The predatory prawn shop skinned many an octopus alive and put a lot of suckers on squid roe.
The pirate captain's list was to starboard when he failed to ketch his bottle of port which fell onto the poop deck after he nearly keeled over.
The Chinese pizzeria murder mystery genre is a novel dough mein.
From the middle of the Pacific, the shipwrecked survivor found his way to the California coast purely by occident.
Being a petrol-deprived thug is a tankless yob.
During my trip to Italy, I didn't do much. I just vegged out. When in Rome, do as the Romaines.
The truant officer caught several kids at the ice rink. They were playing hockey.
I'm bad at math, so the equation 2n+2n is 4n to me.
The little old woman who lived in a shoe wasn't the sole owner - there were strings attached.
Why was the ink drop sad? Because her dad was in the pen and she didn't know how long the sentence would be!
I know a rancher who has 100 head of cattle, but he thought there were only 99 until he rounded them up.
When I go to West Africa I'm Ghana make sure Togo to Mali and then I can say I've Benin Timbuktu.
I was going to start an Apathy Anonymous group, but why bother.
I want ambiguity, or possibly something else.
The sign on the nudist camp said, 'Clothed 'til May'.
The girls swim team has a new coach who acts like she knows everything. Her name is Claire Buoyant.
Since Bruce got too close to the big blade at the saw mill he is no longer feeling chipper.
What do you call Peruvian Rorschach tests? Inca Blots.
The optical scientist who stole his colleague's bifocals was sentenced to three years in a state prism.
It's evergreen and related to the pine but has no cones - perhaps yew can tell me what conifer tree it is.
Some folks are revolted by, have resistance to and find shocking watt is charged in our ohms for the use of electric current.
What did the revolutionary pigeon say at the secret meeting? Coup, coup.
I once worked at a factory that made boat paddles. The starting pay was ten dollars an oar.
What is the favorite game on Navy ships? Seaman Says.
What does a villain call his silverware? Weapons of mass digestion.
When the prisoner died just before his parole they put him in a halfway hearse.
The editor really took a lot out of my manuscript. He cut a great dele.
I relish the fact that you've mustard the strength to ketchup to me.
A hungry traveller stops at a monastery and is taken to the kitchens. A brother is frying chips. 'Are you the friar?' he asks. 'No. I'm the chip monk,' he replies.
Cartoonist found dead in home. Details are sketchy.
In a recession, the most secure job is garbage-man. Business is always picking up.
Police found a criminal shot to death with exit wounds but no entry wounds. It was an inside job.
The nuclear physicist took a vacation for a fission trip.
I'm very picky about my hair, so a strange barber just won't cut it.
As his little ships sailed on Christopher Columbus didn't tell his crew he felt constantly on edge.
Dreams of gold lead the gang to boron the safe at the chemical plant but when the copper arrived they felt out of their element and now they argon.
That really nice fellow works in a clothing factory sewing zippers on jeans. That is good. He wouldn't hurt a fly.
Many years ago I had this crazy idea about writing a novel about the Civil War but then suddenly it was all gone with the wind.
When the four quadrants got together in jail they formed a vicious circle.
I saw this French movie on TV last night, I think it was about a few people who were less miserable than everybody else.
The fellow died before he was able to write his estranged daughter out of the will. Death before disown her.
A clumsy physician who pretends to care is a hypocritical oaf.
I discovered that existence is no more than a never-ending circle in a roundabout kind of way.
A murderer joined the military and made a killing.
Eos is really sad. She is dawn in the dumps.
The correct formula for concrete is worthwhile to cement in your mind.
Novice pirates make terrible singers because they can't hit the high seas.
As the shoe said to the hat, 'You go on ahead, and I'll follow on foot'.
My desire to be a dermatologist was only skin deep. I knew I was destined for osteology. I could feel it in my bones.
A friend told me he dug a hole in my backyard and filled it with water. I thought he meant well.
Overheard in med school - 'I learned about the colon through the process of elimination.'
The prospector didn't think his career would pan out.
Can I tell you a story about my bed? I made it up.
I got a deal on a new computer, and they threw in the operating system to boot.
The lumber company downsized. They got rid of the deadwood.
Paula thinks she knows alot about government, but she doesn't. Politics me off.
My pet is very agreeable. He's a seeing-eye-to-eye dog.
I pursed my lips to 'coin a phrase'.
With hindsight, I wouldn't have sat on that drawing pin.
When the baby bird penned his first novel he was just a fledgling author.
When the knight logged onto his computer there was the message, 'You got mail.' It was a chain letter.
I was fighting a Dragon, easier slayed then done.
After watching Casino Royale, girls flocked to a chemistry class because they heard there was a single bond there.
Catatonic - vitamin pills for the kitten?
The guitarist was a very capo-ble player.
'Good boy, good boy', the dog trainer muttered.
She's happy to make a pair of pants for you, or at least sew its seams.
Rabbits like their beer brewed with a lot of hops.
A man stole a case of soap from the corner store. The police said he made a clean getaway.
If children were allowed to dig for coal, would they still be miners?
After having a knee dislocated and an elbow fractured in two barroom brawls Bradley should have learned to stay away from those joints.
A thousand dogs were stolen from a pet shop on Saturday. Police say they have no leads.
The accountant enjoyed the job, figuratively speaking.
I've tried numerous times to apply myself, but nothing seems to stick.
When the King asked the fool for a joke the fool just shrugged. He was the court gesture.
Hockey players are terrible chess players because they are always getting checked.
The rodent catcher was always trying to weasel his way out of work.
I hate running in lane eight. It makes me feel like such an outsider.
When asked the whereabouts of her fancy fur scarf, the minx replied it was stole.
An old Indian man was fishing online for puns, with baited breath he waded, until he gave up and decided take a poll and caste from his own line, when he caught a triple entendre.
Kobe Bryant is a terrible fisherman because he always gets nothing but net.
The toilet paper walked into the employment center two-ply for a job.
They took soft drinks off the menu just to sprite people.
There was a hiring freeze at the ice-skating rink.
The water department made a gallon-ant effort to provide litre-ship during the drought.
The English gentleman could not play cribbage. You can't put a squire peg in a round hole.
What's the funniest bunch of fruit? A pun-net of strawberries!
I could not pull out of my parking space, so I used my back up plan.
There was a shootout in The Gap. There were many casual-tees.
Two fonts, Arial and Calibri, were in the midst of a bad breakup. Calibri said, 'I'm sorry, you're personality is too bold.' Arial responded, 'You're just not my type...'
I got angry when my cell phone battery died. My counselor suggested I find an outlet.
The beauty queen is unhappy about her upcoming foreign tour. She will miss America.
They were the quietest burglars in the history of New York City. The newspapers called them 'Criminal Mimes.'
He hates his job selling used cars, but it's just his lot in life.
A play, based on billiards, started right on cue.
I noticed that the sun was out, and nobody had bothered to relight it.
Then there was the dictator who wanted to conquer the world, but was delayed while counting the feet of his soldiers. His was a toe-tally tarrying regime.
They served strip steaks and rice pilaf at the topless bar.
Since they started paying dog catchers by the pound, they're feline the pinch.
It's been said ophthalmology is a contact sport.
When there was a murder backstage at the Grammys they couldn't find DNA but they did find Prince.
Accordian to my music instructor and his staff, squeezing in more rehearsal time is key to my success.
Wally wasn't sure in which branch of the Army he wanted to serve, but he gravitated toward the paratroops.
Not only are you shortsighted, Toulouse-Lautrec, you can't see the forest for the knees.
Then there were some vermin who abandoned a porcelain basin that was mailing packages at the post office. The rats were leaving the shipping sink.
When cooking deep fried foods, you must ensure that the oil remains at a constant tempura-churro.
A handlebar mustache may look ridiculous, but symmetrical eyelashes are even cilia.
Last night, I kept dreaming that I had written Lord of the Rings. The wife said I'd been tolkien in my sleep.
To the bull in the pasture, may he live for heifer and heifer.
The astronomer's research project didn't win him the coveted Galaxy Award, but he did receive a constellation prize.
We almost got creamed by a milk truck. I was udderly terrified.
My daughter saw a herd of llamas. I said, 'We could stop and dally there.' She said, 'Alpaca suitcase.'
I'm always breaking into song - I can never find the right key!
A streaker was found dead this morning. Police say the details are quite revealing.
Anyone should know how to put a saddle on a horse so it won't slip and cause an injury. It's a cinch.
The actors had one great movie after another. They were on a role.
The dentist's alibi was full of holes, so the police performed a cavity search.
The cost of a galvanized hull is enough to zinc a ship.
The great chef put in much thyme while learning his craft in Amsterdam - he likes to call them his 'Holland days.'
It was so hot the other day that even the mosquitoes were dropping like flies.
The plumber explained that the problem in my kitchen was just water under the fridge.
Bird-dogs are great for music, because they're both woofers and tweeters.
When traveling in the Bermuda Triangle look danger square in the eye, avoid falling into the dreaded Trapezoid and that graveyard of the sea, the Wrecktangle.
I thought I was investing in sea-going vessels when I bought those Chinese junk bonds.
The chaplain got his gown from the army surplice depot.
Two fur traders once took a golfing trip together. They played a skins match.
I should have been sad when my flashlight batteries died, but I was delighted.
The chickens were distraught when the tornado destroyed their home. Hopefully they will be able to recoup.
I've never tipped a cow. Then again, one has never served me food.
I was against the construction of tennis courts in the park as I thought they would cause too much racket.
When I questioned the livestock delivery company as to whether or not they could quickly move some donkeys. They said they could haul ass.
When I bought some fruit trees the nursery owner gave me some insects to help with pollination. They were free bees.
Her company distributes gift boxed cashews and she has a delivery guy that drives her nuts.
Simultaneous management of elephants and walruses requires the ability to multitusk.
What part of an ant loves to play tic tac toe? The X O skeleton.
When just one prisoner working on a gang on a country road attempted to escape there was a chain reaction.
The violinist spent the night in a vile inn.
What is a lumberjack's favorite month? Septimber!
Our Lady of Perpetual Motion Convent received a government subsidy for their fleet of minivans because they qualified as a mass transit system.
He was the most dishonest and cleverest card shark in the city, the police said he will be dealt with.
A young corporal dislocated his arm during a battle but kept going. You could say he was shouldering on.
After the trout left school, he hoped to be a steelhead in a floundry.
Why didn't the little boy ask the flight attendant for a snack? He didn't have the nuts.
Hilarious signs that stick to refrigerators can disrupt gravity with magnetic lines of farce.
When the butter melted, it was rendered useless.
Labor Day is a good time to stop and reflect on the august events the the preceding month.
Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food coloring. The doctor says I'm OK, but I feel like I've dyed a little inside.
Organ donors put their heart into it.
1000 pairs of underwear were stolen, police were making a brief enquiry.
He dined with her at the local beanery and was immediately inflatuated.
Ever since the mayor's ban on flammable liquids, fewer arsonists have benzene around town.
The evil onion had many lairs.
Is it true that several of the justices on the Supreme Court refer to their homes as 'legal pads'?
The ancient Japanese leader lost his legs in a logging accident, and became a sawed-off Shogun.
Beautifully manicured lawns are highly sod after.
He could play baseball, football, basketball, soccer and tennis. He was a jock of all trades.
When buying a lamp a shady deal usually takes place.
With only one piece of wood, I tried to convince the fire to light by use of a monologue.
The angry ice cube boiled with anger, then let off some steam.
An offer of a free lunch was not enough to entice Freud to make a presentation at a Behaviourist Convention. He explained, 'There was nothing on the menu that was oedipal.'
My only skill is knowing driving directions, but they tell me that's not going to get me anywhere in life.
While having a hard time water-skiing, the boy commented, 'This is such a drag.'
The otolaryngologist had not heard much about health care reform, he thought the plan smelled fishy, and the debate left a bad taste in his mouth.
That Star Wars villain loves to talk. Everyone calls him Jabber the Hutt.
The Egyptian cinema usherette sold religious icons in the daytime. Sometimes she got confused and called out, 'Get your choc isis here!'
It is tough to do inventories in Afghanistan because of the tally ban.
Communism first took off in the insect kingdom when a wary wasp joined the cagey bee.
The grammarian was never late. He was always very punctual.
When a snail loses its shell it looks sluggish.
When the gunman walked in, he turned the store into a flee market.
Stir-fry cooks come from all woks of life.
Professional rock climbers, the only people paid to get high.
The executioner decided to drop out of Executioner School. It was just too cut throat for him.
It was a sad day for the rattlesnake family, the time had come for the children to strike out on their own.
Why did the termites eat the wooden barrel? To stave off hunger.
I just finished reading Newton's Principia Mathematica, and found much of it to be rather derivative.
My sled dog never barks. He is a male mute.
Couch me if you can, but before that you need to chaise me.
Plane crashes into lumber yard, end result remarkably smooth.
The proctologist quit his job because it gave him tunnel vision.
The Atlanta Lightnings took the field by storm.
The inept nerd married a nuclear software engineer who made great fission chips, she was his bride and booter.
The BMX rider put superglue on his wheels so that he could stick the landing.
Sometimes our Outlook in Life is sent but not received.
No matter what you colic, a baby crying for hours is a pain!
A shark can be a dangerous fish, make no bones about it.
The man who worked at the watch factory was very funny. He stood about all day making faces.
I nailed my wood-shop test.
The raisin wined about how he couldn't achieve grapeness.
Did you hear about the high-ranking military father who cloned himself? The result was a Major Faux Pa.
I have a fear of needles. They really get under my skin.
My boyfriend and I started to date after he backed his car into mine. We met by accident.
The fish missed the call because he was stuck on the other line.
The man was having trouble understanding darts, so his friend explained some of the finer points.
After that poisonous snake struck at me in the Arizona Desert I was really rattled.
I know an eager-beaver District Attorney who ferreted out how someone badgered a politician into weaseling out of a contract on a rabbit farm.
I've made up my mind to re-lay my lawn. It was a turf decision.
The evil molecule couldn't be prosecuted during the day, so it had a nitrile instead.
A used car salesman started a chain and thus founded the Auto-man Empire.
If jokes could be owned like land, then no good pun would go undeeded.
I took the strange skeleton to be that of a feral onager, but it was only a wild ass guess.
There is rarely a sale on beer because the demand is always high so there's no need to create a buzz.
Sky divers don't jump, they just fall away.
The young bovine hated to see the Prodigal Son return since he knew that he was the fated calf.
I like alkyl halides and magnesium, so when they come together I grignards.
The lights were too bright at the Chinese restaurant so the manager decided to dim sum.
I decided that becoming a vegetarian was a missed steak.
An electrician claimed that his truck was a volts wagon.
The man who impulsively got a cat despite his allergies later realized that it was a rash decision.
I've just realized that tofu is over-rated, it's just a curd to me.
No one ever wants to babysit the naughty atom, they always have to keep an ion it.
The man loved a good play on words but his wife couldn't stand the punishment.
The young man quit dating the telephone operator because he felt disconnected. Besides, she had too many hangups.
John Hancock didn't retire, he just resigned.
The museum had a 3-D exhibit depicting a modern funeral parlor. It was a die-orama.
Last night I ate Middle Eastern food, and this morning I falafel.
What do you call a pun sandwich? A punini.
The winter was difficult on the trees, but in the spring they were re-leafed.
The building inspector said whoever installed the water pipes was plumb loco.
The jeweler pinned his hopes on broaching the argument first.
I play all the chords, bar one.
Tailors enjoy hanging out in internet fora, as they are full of threads.
I'm not a werewolf. Not that I'm aware of!
I used to have a fear of hurdles, but I got over it.
I used to do rock climbing as a youth, but I was much boulder back then.
People who plug their computer keyboards into hi-fi systems aren't idiots. That would be stereotyping.
The ankle was an arch enemy of the heel because the heel had a sole that could neither toe the line nor keep instep.
When the bottom of a cargo ship got a hole, it had one hull of a problem.
The psychotic florist created many flower derangements.
Most state laws don't give a thumbs up to hitch-hikers.
They came out with a GPS device for bird watchers that has tern by tern directions.
In the novel, there is an unexpected secret meeting of the lovers. It is a plot tryst.
I trained my dog to hunt for underground mushrooms but now he's more truffle than he's worth.
The book about Teflon contained no frictional characters.
Illusionists always find themselves in tricky situations.
I plug my guitar into all kinds of amplifiers. It's an eclectic guitar.
The criminal dumpling showed a won-ton disregard of the law.
Getting to the second floor of the leaflet warehouse required a circular staircase.
He posted an ammunition-for-sale note on the bulletin board.
If I study to become a roofing expert in the future, will I be preparing for the here rafter?
Ponytails are coiffe drops.
After getting a hot dog from a vendor I asked 'Can I have more onions?', he replied 'No that's shallot'.
Is a reindeer with a bit in its mouth ... a case of indentured Cervid-tude?
Once you get your bearings vectors are easy.
The coffee tasted like mud because it was ground a couple of minutes ago.
Experts say the cost of funerals have risen by 50%, they blame it on the cost of living.
The Alpine Skiing competition started poorly and went downhill from there.
After he ate the duck, the alligator got a little down in the mouth.
The student was an aggressive learner - he hit the books.
If you believe restaurants always overcook steaks, then you probably order them rarely.
There's a new song out to benefit underprivileged Dervishes. It's called 'We are the Whirled.'
Don't justify sin, just defy sin.
The mechanic at the transmission shop seemed a little shifty.
I dropped a tub of margarine in the kitchen and ended up with a Parkay floor.
The bowler preferred to enter and exit his apartment via the fire escape because it was right down his alley.
Not being able to iron out all of his problems made the dry cleaner very depressed.
A man who wanted to sing in church was wondering if he should inquire.
When the detectives on the police force observed suspects dining in the city's best restaurant, it was their favorite steak out.
Molecules boiling points vary to some degree.
I stink at fractions. I'm not half as good as the class.
My girlfriend scares me, so every time we go to dinner it's intimidating.
Let me give you the low down on extreme tunneling.
The nuclear scientist's career blossomed when she began work on the quantum properties of geranium.
On TV it's a maze of channels, luckily he had a guide.
I was going to buy a book on phobias, but I was afraid it wouldn't help me.
Have you heard about that online origami store? It folded.
Contacts are easy to lose, so keep your eyes on them.
The Irish lass was disappointed with the engagement ring from her fiance because it was a sham rock.
The telegraph operator who accidentally sent the same message twice was remorseful.
I tried to learn how to drive a stick shift but couldn't locate the manual.
We were going to ship a truck load of food, but we found it just wasn't palatable.
Today is a kick back and do nothing day. I'm auditioning for American Idle.
The math teacher was a good dancer - he had algorithm.
A man was driving on an icy, abandoned road when he noticed a road sign with half of it torn clean off. 'That's a bad sign' he thought to himself.
When people first heard of the ABS, it was braking news.
Cheddar is as Gouda cheese as any American could wish for, and while we Edam all that is something one could never Provolone.
When a guitarist messes up, he re-chords his mistake.
We've missed our favorite tea at the Chinese restaurant where we often dine, but we've been getting oolong.
All my children were young and restless when they received the daze of their lives that sent them to General Hospital.
What do you call a podium that eats people? Hannibal Lectern.
My foul language has become routine. It is par for the cuss.
You gotta be careful of corn at night. They can be early creepy with their husky voices and seedy appearance. Why, they even cob right out and tell you to shuck it right to your face.
The string quartet drank and played furiously through the night and then passed out. But that was a foregone conclusion.
Never invest in funerals, it's a dying industry.
I decide which beer to drink on a case by case basis.
I wrote a song about small, burrowing animals. I decided it was time to gopher baroque.
The key to the success of all musicians of note is their ability to stay composed while performing at a level that can't be beat.
Did you hear about the new bamboo trees at the zoo? It was pandamonium out there!
Why was the snake mad at the jewel thief? Because he wanted his diamondback.
Bell, Bark and Kennel, a novel by Ivan Pavlov, chronicles the birth of the Salivation Army.
The mass of a ship is measured in keelograms.
Sawyer was a carpenter and often counter productive.
A rise in mercury sometimes mars life on earth, how else would nature planet?
George Bush and Saddam Hussein went to war over iraqoncilable differences.
The IRS left a message on my cell phone that I owed them more money. It was a taxed message.
My friend came around for dinner. We ate for 20 minutes, then he fainted again.
I knew my wife was pregnant when she looked at me with fertilize.
Why did the dairy churn? The less said, the butter ...
A homeless person joining in a riot can basically be heard as a vague rant.
The dessert chef was very smart. He had graduated Pie Baker Kappa.
I am kicking myself I did not take up karate earlier.
The political calculus of integrating financial derivatives is not going to yield much.
Data got into so much trouble, her parents sent her packeting.
I was going to look for my missing watch, but I could never find the time.
The cowboy that got fired from his ranch job wasn't crazy, he was just deranged.
The food taster quit his job because he had too much on his plate.
When making butter there is little margarine for error.
Did you hear about the nervous preacher? He had sweaty psalms.
When I first tried the new cough syrup, I really had no idea what to expectorate.
Hey Chad, Kenya shake Djibouti while dancing the Congo?
Contrary to singers and guitarists, bass players are very low-key.
If you think guests really enjoy your home movies, you are probably projecting.
I'll admit to not being much of a plumber so when I tried to repair my toilet I couldn't get a handle on it.
A second glance is all that's needed for a book re-view.
Trying to steel himself, Al attempted to iron out his business problems but was a little bit rusty.
If you want to make a good Hamlet, you gotta break a few legs.
The intelligent entrepreneur's idea for designing catapults meant that his boss was completely thrown.
The world champion of purposeful kibitzing is a goaled meddlist.
I met the woman of my dreams at the base of Mount Vesuvius. She is the lava my life.
I bungled a toilet installation once. I decided to caulk it up to experience.
Unable to get help with my refinancing made me a loan wolf.
When the money fell from my pocket I saw this punk reach for it, pointed my .357 Magnum at him and muttered, 'Go ahead, take my pay.'
You never know what to expect on each channel. It's always TV determined.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
John Deere's manure spreader is the only equipment the company won't stand behind.
A rule of grammar: double negatives are a no-no.
I didn't want to buy leather shoes, but eventually I was suede.
I've failed the mathematics test so many times I lost count.
If you are among the cream of dairy inspectors, nothing cheesy gets pasteurize.
I'm drawn to art.
The most important thing to know about becoming a urologist is that you have to be able to go with the flow.
I don't know what possessed me to attend that seance.
If an actress has a screaming role, can we say she eeks out a living?
I went to an invisible fairground but didn't think it was very good. I just couldn't see the attraction.
He can flawlessly set up a tent. He has perfect pitch.
After my ear operation I feel sound.
Topiary is at the cutting edge of garden design.
The stern pirate captain's policy of forcing the worst members of his crew to walk the plank went swimmingly.
Doctor Frankenstein's creation was a man of many parts.
Did you hear about the bivalve they called in to interrogate for that big murder investigation? Apparently, he's clammed up.
'I missed the card game,' he said wistfully.
My job as head chef at a top rated restaurant is in jeopardy because my latest culinary creation was called a recipe for disaster.
The health food customer purchased fibre optics from the optometry centre for accurate eyesight.
I tried wrapping Christmas presents, but I didn't have the gift.
A bacteria walked into a bar and the bartender said, 'We don't serve bacteria in this place.'  The bacteria said, 'But I work here, I'm staph.'
I hate the price of candy at the movie theater. They're always raisinette.
Mimes are determined to remain silent, to say the least.
I got fired from my job as a software engineer. I just couldn't get with the program.
I thought about studying astronomy for university but I knew I would just be taking up space.
If you're intent on hunting deer, make sure you have a game plan.
Tubal ligation can get knotty, but lobotomy is a no-brainer.
It took the replay analyst a long time to cut his grass. He did it in slo-mow.
I've never really known what I wanted to do in my later years, but in the long run, I want to take part in the Boston Marathon.
History has been unfair to Salome. She was just an ambitious young woman who wanted to get ahead.
I knew the little guy was going to play a prank on me, because of my sense of imp portents.
The dance club opened to rave reviews.
When the Sun and the planets die, one person will receive the whole inheritance. Their lawyer convinced them to pursue a sole-heir system.
I was once camping in the mountains, when it rained. I had to runoff.
The killer followed the psychopath into the forest where he was surrounded by the copse.
Under the full moon, Hamlet turned into a werewolf. Gazing up at the beautiful moon he came up with the famous line, 'To bay or not to bay...'.
The element didn't want to get bonded to its partner. The reason was because it would have to pay compound interest.
They tore strips off my dog before kicking him off that logging ship. He was disembarked.
Smoking may have ruined my lungs but my fingers are match fit.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
I'm inclined to be laid back.
Deafness is getting to be quite a problem for me lately. I never thought I'd hear myself say that.
Puns about monorails always make for decent one-liners.
He made a slow start in the sport of weightlifting but he picked it up eventually.
The agreeable tennis umpire was generous to a fault.
The first fish to gather in schools was the grouper.
The average ghost is mean spirited.
In equations with square numbers I can never find the root of the problem.
His brief Hollywood career came to an end, when he was arrested for armed robbery. He proved to be a shooting star.
While I was repulsed by CPR I didn't have the heart to tell the medic.
Michelangelo's David is superior to postmodern sculpture - it's an artifact.
My boss does not tolerate any beards or mustaches. He is a real shave driver.
Before King Arthur appointed a knight to give acupuncture treatments at Camelot Sir Lancelot knew he was stuck with the job.
It's amazing what two or more sinners can achieve together with synergy.
Did you hear about the builder, who was retiring, and said to his Son, 'This is all yours now, son.' His son said, sadly, 'I dunno, dad. You're a hard hat to follow!'
Geology class is the foundation of a decent education.
The recycled cartridge business certainly lowered the toner the neighborhood.
The candle-making machine broke down when someone threw a spanner in the wax.
A new type of broom came out, it is sweeping the nation.
The book of incantations was useless. The author had failed to run a spell check.
Old colanders never die, they just can't take the strain anymore.
Cryptographers make terrible drummers. They just sit there, fascinated by all the cymbals.
We're not getting anywhere in geometry class. It feels like we're going in circles.
Cane sugar can't be beet.
Many people think that Edgar Allan Poe was a raven madman.
My mailman should be a comedian, his delivery is perfect!
We spent all day debating about housefires. It was quite a heated argument.
I used to be afraid of purchasing residential property for the purpose of renting, but now I have an apartment complex.
It has been discovered that sales of irons are decreasing.
Young horses need a stable environment where they are free to foal up and be reined in before they come to serious harm.
The phone call interrupted my nap, and I never did get the rest.
The philanthropist built a town and named it 'Generocity'.
The special section reserved in the train for Julius was a Cesarean Berth.
'Sweeney Todd' is a good source of sheer terror.
The carpenter was well-known for nailing his work.
I aspire to be a Steeplejack.
They owed me a lot of money for the new house - I billed them.
Beansprouts? OK. So what are they now, then?
Greengrocers earn a meager celery, come home beet and just want to read the pepper, take a leek, turnip the covers endive into bed.
Abstinence leaves a lot to be desired.
Each time I tried shooting blindfolded I found it an aimless pursuit.
Business at the candle factory tapered off after the holidays.
Only the squares are doing well in geometry class. It's their area.
I had tried passing myself off as my twin but I couldn't live with myself.
The barber opened up a shavings account.
The envelope's favorite thing to watch, just happens to always be on paper view.
After the six campers were discovered missing from their tents the state police began to canvas the area.
You can rely on high divers because of their deep end ability.
I had trouble getting to the University in New Orleans. I had to drive down a two lane road.
My brother wishes he could compose smutty verse as good as mine. Is this scribbling ribaldry?
Laparoscopy shows insight.
I believe I will be able to run my car on politicians promises but I'm having trouble with the fool injection system.
I'd really be tempted to take these trousers out back and set them on fire, but I've never been one for burning my britches.
My friend and I are going to drive across the southern states of America, just to see how long it Texas.
When asked to picture the perfect modern defensive weapon the Claymore springs to mine.
He choked on his all-day sucker and would have fallen off the carousel, but the security guard caught him lollygagging around.
If a barista is not allowed to make espresso she will lose her tamper.
The fault line had a splitting headache.
Does Santa take his sleigh to his magic class or does he take a luge in?
I did a theatrical performance about puns. Really it was just a play on words.
Did you hear about these new reversible jackets? I'm excited to see how they turn out.
Lightning sometimes shocks people because it just doesn't know how to conduct itself.
I was arrested after my therapist suggested I take something for my kleptomania.
The indecisive rower couldn't choose either oar.
I used to be a watchmaker. It was a great job and I made my own hours.
The Origami classes saw stationery costs increase twofold.
I practice debating in the mirror but I always come across as one-sided and two-faced.
An hobbituary to Tolkien appeared in each of the major newspapers, all had a familiar ring to them.
My neighbor's sprinkler is a constant irrigation to me.
I don't recommend dating bridge builders, they have truss issues.
Archimedes set out to invent a water pump and screwed it up.
Only adults were allowed in the electricians' nightclub because of all the wire strippers.
The study of genealogy is a basic requirement for a descent education.
A prefix is what a man does just before his wife has a word with a tradesperson.
The Transformer always had a lot of quarters with him. He was a big fan of change.
Mine safety is riddled with legal pitfalls.
The marine glue manufacturer's plans came unstuck and ended in insolvency.
Is fear of sliced bacon irrational?
A noun and a verb were dating but they broke up because the noun was too possessive.
Benny was sure that if he had to he could master braille once he got a feel for it.
Your golf addiction is driving a wedge between us.
Too many spiders in your house can turn it into a no fly zone.
How could I trust the ceiling fan installer when I knew he was always screwing up.
My friend went on a date with a girl called 'Simile'. I asked him how it went. He said it wasn't serious, he just metaphor a coffee.
I never understood why people liked to play soft ball. It's a very underhanded thing to do.
He reminded me the speed limit was 60, but I didn't understand, he was speaking a mile a minute.
I get distracted by all the meats in the deli section, must be my short attention spam.
I wanted to be a urologist, but I wasn't good enough. Oh well, I guess urethra got it or you don't.
'We've run out of lemons', she said bitterly.
An Arabian hostel offers Bedouin breakfast.
Anyone hear about that dictionary that fell into the river? It was un-a-bridged.
I was looking for something to drink my drink with, I was clutching at straws.
The luminescent Pelican triggered an air defense alert of glow bill proportions.
With an iron will, we shall try to solder on, said the welder.
Have you ever read the Rime of the Ancient Gardener? It was written by Samuel Taylor Foliage.
The terrorist's oven was a weapon of mass convection.
Need an ark to save two of every animal? I noah guy.
If you wear a blindfold at the shooting range, you won't know what you're missing.
Reassembling the skeletons of prehistoric mammals can be a mammoth undertaking.
If you sing while playing baseball, you won't get a good pitch.
Did you hear about the pilot who always had work? He was great at landing a job.
The electrician got his supplies at the outlet store.
I had to decide between making salad with my mom or playing catch with my dad, it was a toss-up.
After a cold winter, will deciduous trees be releaved?
I like the latest horror movie so much that I've arranged a private screaming.
I wanted a car but I couldn't a Ford oneF.
Having too many vowels is a consonant struggle in the game of Scrabble.
What was the Ichthyologist doing at the local archives? Looking for micro fiche.
I can't remember ever getting nits as a kid, although I do have a lousy memory.
I might study something at a university that someone once told me about - there is a degree of ambiguity there.
Why do football players make terrible pilots? They always break the plane before touchdown.
The state police highway officer worked tirelessly in the heavy rain to assist a lady whose car was stuck in a ditch. He was a real trooper.
Insulting an East Indian chef will bring you bad Korma.
The man's igneous puns were eventually written in stone.
We can only have spring break in March, because the last time it happened in February, it took until August to get it fixed.
I've just started dating a ring. She's a keeper.
The truanting Ringwraiths often referred to themselves as 'The Nah-school'.
I met a girl at an internet cafe, but we didn't click.
I once thought about cloning a new, more efficient brain, but then I realized that I was getting a head of myself.
Elevators may bring you down, but to me they're very uplifting.
Did you hear about that new drug that makes people angry? It's all the rage now.
I'm a sap for tree jokes.
My hematologist said my outlook is good since I'm a B Positive type.
As long as the imperial system is in place a ruler will be afoot.
I agreed to watch my neighbor's dog, but only if it didn't scratch me. It's in the clause.
I thought I found evidence to prove the existence of mythical creatures - turned out to be another fairy tail.
An octopus exchanged his old tentacles for new ones. It was 'squid pro quo'.
A pickle maker fell into one of the vats at work. At hospital it was determined he had a brine injury.
Worms are so scared, they just don't have the backbone to stand up.
The guilt-ridden shark always has a feeling of remoras.
Tautology causes me to worry, stress out and tense up.
A band of teenagers cruised past my neighbor's house and pelted it with rotten tomatoes. Police described it as a drive-by fruiting.
Did you hear of the football coach trained a chicken to fly? He ended up having a personal foul for excessive aviation.
As he sat in the commissary enjoying his kung pao cheesecake, the CEO wondered if his outsaucing policy had gone a bit too far.
John plans to retire in the spring and, like the trees around us, will be leafing.
Everytime I drink red wine I end up getting a cab.
All the waterfowl kept their eyes closed except for one. He was a Peking Duck.
If a Norwegian robot analyzes a bird, it Scandinavian.
When the shocked IRS agent was found guilty of tax evasion he had to take time to collect himself.
I was studying in an apiary class. This resulted in me receiving a bee on my exam.
The failure of the third largest manufacturer of baby's toys was enough to rattle the entire industry.
When asked about rumors that he owned a bakery, Shakespeare replied, 'It's much a-dough about muffin.'
A photographer was great at botany because he knew photo synthesis.
The topiary artist invested all his money in shears and hedge funds.
I used to like Russian dolls until I realised they were full of themselves!
I saw gasoline selling for one dollar a gallon, but then I saw that March had just ended. It was an April fuel's joke.
You know what happens after you miss math class? It starts adding up.
Yesterday's high was 78 and the low was 45, but neither were records.
My dentist seems distracted, I think he was brushing me off.
I went for a drink with a Matador the other day. I had a tea, he had a cafe au lait.
To noble steeds with horse sense and stable thinking, hippocracy is not hypocrisy.
You won't feel the squeeze with this great juicer deal.
The chef who tried to bribe a judge with polenta was held in corntempt.
A pie went for an audition for a part in a play. The casting agent told him he performed well, but it was more of a sausage roll.
The mushroom farmer improved his morel, by pressing a button and going to portabella for harvest.
Chardonnay may not be champagne, but it's still wine.
Bugs have very diverse religious views, because they are all in sects.
They won't know who robbed the Scotch factory until they check the tape.
When they claimed to house two thousand campers, it sounded like a lot of bunk.
The dentist put braces on his patient as a stop-gap measure.
Purchasing tires made me aware of inflationary pressures.
Do you know why Noah's ark was built out of wood? They didn't have arc welders back then.
I was in a big hurry so I scrambled to make eggs for breakfast.
In order to show a profit, the floundering gourmet seafood restaurant was allowed to cook its books since there is no accounting for taste.
My friend asked me to carve a sculpture out of a large rock. It was the hardest thing I've ever had to make!
When the diva's vacuum cleaner broke, she refused to use a broom because it just wouldn't be Hoover.
A person who would make a banking joke is of no account.
What snake helps prevent body odor? The pit viper.
Have you ever wondered why baseball players get girlfriends? They're great at hitting it off.
That religious fellow fell for the same scam two times in a row. He is a burned again Christian.
The garden club visited the nursery and found themselves in a hosta environment.
I walked past a gang of youths yesterday and one of them threw a piece of cheese at me, which hit me on the back of the head. I turned round and shouted, "That's not very mature!"
The spear-fisherman can be a real pain in the wrasse.
When the inept actor tried to steal a farmer's omelet with greens, the ham was collard in short order.
The baby peas were fresh and sweet, but their fava was a has-bean.
Dorothy's dog, of the Wizard of Oz fame, always eats his food entirely - he never leaves any scraps because it's in toto.
Calves take well to bottle feeding because one nipple is as good as an udder.
Never hire a depressed exorcist - they're not very good at lifting spirits.
At first I thought the yoga instructor was lying, then I realized she was just stretching the truth.
The star asked the sun why the moon was always up so late. Sun responded that it was just a phase.
The Keystone Kops were frequently criticized for excessive use of farce.
The long-shot was leading the Kentucky Derby, but not furlong.
I know you brought the wrong rock to our curling match, but we'll let it slide.
The haughty magician had illusions of grandeur.
If Hawaii was criss-crossed with many highways, some people might think of it as a road island.
The surgeon failed to repair his own ruptured pericardium because his heart just wasn't in it.
The lawyer had trouble with the fine print on some documents, so his doctor suggested contract lenses.
Termites in the orchestra pit can lead to digestive harp failure.
I think a job as a shoe salesmen would be your best fit.
For this tree pun I had to go out on a limb and branch out to some other sources.
The anesthesiologist's computer has an ethernet connection.
The drama instructor preferred to travel by stagecoach.
I met a man who loves eating couches. I think he has a suite tooth.
After carelessly plucking her eyelashes while shopping for a corsage, Rose couldn't see the florist because of the tweeze.
I said her garden figurines looked pathetic, but she did not care for my ignominious remark.
The shareholders of a compass manufacturer were concerned that the company wasn't heading in the right direction.
Two astronauts who were dating put an end to it because they both needed their space.
The pianist led an upright life, but it wasn't grand. No matter how I tried to spinet, I couldn't console him!
One person can keep a fishing line clear, but it takes two to tangle.
Dissatisfied with the lack of thoroughness in the demolition of the old tavern, he got into the bulldozer himself and razed the bar to a new level.
A pyrotechnician should know how fireworks.
The electrician and the air hostess got on really well together. Sparks flew!
He kept an alarm clock in the back window of his car. He was always ahead of his time.
The young pine sapling was admonished by his father. Apparently he'd been knotty.
Attention staff! The clothes keep falling off the mannequins in ladies' wear. Would someone please redress the problem?
Coins are mint to be.
Do hotel managers get board with their jobs?
I told my friend about the creative writing class I took, and she said that she had a simile experience.
I just got back from my vacation along the northern Oregon coast, and have I got Astoria or two to tell you!
Trophy shops often will give customers floss with their purchase to eliminate plaque problems.
My friend said that if Watergate had happened in Scotland they would've had Scotch tape.
Linda was very touched when she received the felt coat as a gift.
Zookeepers spot clean their leopards.
The hand surgeon went to the opthamologist to be examined for carpal tunnel vision.
Realtors guilty of steering deserve the rack, but that's just my pinion.
How did I meet Eve you ask? I rescued her from a gutter.
Sleeping comes so naturally to me, I could do it with my eyes closed.
The new weed whacker is cutting-hedge technology.
Contemplating my imminent root canal procedure was deeply unnerving.
I've been called a rare commodity. I wonder if that makes me silver or gold? I guess I could be either ore.
I work in a sweater factory. It's a very clothes-knit community.
After dating the goalie on the local team for a while, she realized he was a real keeper.
I finally found a spotter at the gym, it's like a huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders.
I just got back from a statistical probability conference. It was average.
I knew I'd passed my thermodynamics exam, when the people who mark the degrees centigrade.
What do you call a duck that meets its future self? A Pairadux.
If a Greek deity tried on your jacket it would be Titan uncomfortable.
Piano players are considered to be Baldwin they lose their hair.
Sailing, it's a sport that just doesn't float my boat.
I strongly dislike the subject of math, however I am partial to fractions.
How do I handle change? I put it in the parking meter.
A girl entered a hair styling class, but failed and didn't make the braid.
After the art attack in the museum the science hall is now history.
I tried to record an album in a reptile shop, but there was a terrible gecko.
I was going to have my hernia operation last June, but the surgeon was on summer hiatus.
A lawyer who likes to go fishing is an attorney-at-lure.
Don't trust people that do acupuncture, they're back stabbers.
I don't think I need a spine. It's holding me back.
I wanted to lose weight so I went to the paint store. I heard I could get thinner there.
We never got the tent up because of all the missed stakes we had.
The crowd at the Cannibal's party grew silent when he announced he would be serving finger foods.
Optometrists live long because they dilate.
Last week I was diagnosed with insomnia, and now I'm just so tired of it.
The telemarketer asked me if I read magazines at all and I replied that I did, periodically.
Bakers earn the majority of their income in the morning, they earn most of their dough at yeast by a leaven o'clock.
The fruit farmer was plum happy he pruned his orchard last fall.
My son wanted a scooter. When I told him they are too dangerous, he moped around the house.
I can never wear glasses. They make me see-sick.
What's the deal with negotiations?
The fastest, most efficient way to make Halloween costumes is mask production.
I can Harley wait to get my motorbike license.
The man was always leaving himself voicemail messages. He was very self-sendered.
My dog failed his driving test, he can't parallel bark.
I went out for a run this morning and tripped over, I could have been wearing the wrong size shoes, I haven't seen the footage yet.
The cheap hotel was really a violin.
It's raining cats and dogs. Well, as long as it doesn't reindeer.
In high school I recall having a beautiful but difficult math teacher. She was easy on the eyes and hard on the pupils!
My friend dropped his box of Italian pastries on the floor. I cannoli imagine what he must be going through.
Forklift operators do not care for puns - they find them unpalletable.
Bear fights can often turn grizzly.
I thought dating a tennis player would be a ball, but it was just a racquet!
Whoever invented the girdle got a bum wrap.
The medical term for owning too many dogs? A roverdose.
The dairy farmer while milking his cow strained his calf in the process.
I'm just off to see my shrink - hope to be back shortly!
I wanted to do some research on anorexia, so I went to the library to get the skinny.
Even though his driver and woods had been stolen, the golfer continued to play 72 straight holes for charity. He was truly an ironman.
People who eat their apples stem and seed and all improve their core values.
The river crested when a factory spilled toothpaste into it.
My friend is moving to Seoul. He thought it would be a good Korea move.
The place to trade dresses is called a frock exchange.
People in medieval days were always hanging out by the gallows.
The hypnotist went out of business because he ran out of suggestions.
A trick-or-treat route is a fright path.
Did you hear about the owl that fell for twin comedians and had two wits to woo?
My new theory on inertia doesn't seem to be gaining momentum.
Why did the capacitor kiss the diode? He just couldn't resistor.
My job at the concrete plant seems to get harder and harder.
She got fired from the hot dog stand for putting her hair in a bun.
My friend wants to dress like the Queen of Hearts for Halloween. I think I'll follow suit.
Do you know how winter coats are insulated? They are down loaded.
When the church relocated it had an organ transplant.
Did you hear of the story about the tornado? There is a twist at the end.
The orthopedist said that working with fractures isn't all that it's cracked up to be.
I got my job at the dentist's office by word of mouth.
After the carpet store burned down, only remnants remained.
A man threatened to jump off the side of a building - alledgedly.
Propagate - leaving your garden wide open.
The chiropractic author wrote a spinal column.
The weatherman who forecasted snow in July was a bit of a flake.
The people who are predicting when all time will halt are known as endochronologists.
The sardine factory reeled job applicants in by promoting a can do atmosphere.
Here is how the track meet is going to run...
Some jokes get dated, other jokes get married.
The crumpled SUV gave evidence of its owner's finely-hooned driving skills.
Though humble in secular matters, the minister had an altar ego.
Why did the pig quit running the marathon? He had a problem with his hamstring.
One day at the bar there was a blackout. Good thing I had a light beer.
I have a high fidelity phone - it can only call my wife's number.
I was fired from my job selling amplifiers. I didn't achieve the sufficient volume of sales.
I don't know how to put on a helmet - the whole idea goes right over my head.
Ducks don't have their palms read - they look for it on the web.
Watching the movie Titanic is a real downer.
Erasable pens were a good idea on paper.
Why did the inclined plane refuse to divorce the fulcrum? He couldn't lever.
If the movie hero of the Matrix was a woman, would she have been called Ingrid?
When I told them about how I escaped my pumpkin prison, they said I was out of my gourd.
I've never killed a deer before but I'll take a shot at it.
'Where did Anastasia go?'. 'I don't know. She must of been Romanov.'
Music of the seventies spawned many new record labels, mostly now defunked.
Are Snopes staff spoof-readers?
The produce grocer keeps his eyes peeled for potatoes and slips through bunches of bananas every week at the farmers market.
Two college students die in head on collision, police say they were on a crash course.
What do you call a royal printmaker? A screen prince.
My vacuum flask is hopeless and it's a top of the range model - that's the only place it will keep anything warm.
The journalist went to Greece to see the ancient ruins and is now writing several columns about them.
Eggs make lousy comedians. They always crackup at their own yokes.
My wife uses a kitchen implement to shred garlic and parmesan cheese, which I hate. It really is the grater of two evils.
A man at the watchmakers convention made a motion, but it died for lack of a second.
John Deere has just released its most powerful tractor yet. It is the torque of the town.
Lacking proper instruments, the surgeon had to resect a bowel using plumber's tools - it was a gut-wrenching experience.
Qwertyus, god of keyboards, is a character from geek mythology.
The store clerk lost his job, so he set up a kiosk in the mall to vend for himself.
With Iowa crows swearing all over the places, the result was statewide caw cusses.
I find that movies about submarines always go down well.
I took up teaching fencing as I wanted my students to get the point.
During his lifetime, the composer Bach was a noted success.
What do organic mathematicians throw into their fireplaces? Natural Logs.
Her decision to take up rock climbing was precipitous to say the least.
The hoarfrost that forms on a daycare center's windows is called nursery rime.
Riding the escalator is a step up from always walking on the same level.
I saw a female deer in my rear-vision mirror. It was case of hind-sight.
Hannibal crossed the Alps because it was safer than crossing the elephants.
The headmaster removed the schools central heating. He wanted to turn it cold school.
My wife tells me I'm a skeptic - but I don't believe a word she says.
I wondered why my geometry class was always tired. They were all out of shape.
The trailer for the movie was produced without a hitch!
I didn't understand the math, so the teacher summed it up for me.
The environmentalist rode his bike 20 miles in the morning and 20 more in the evening. He loved recycling.
I'm not one for buoyancy but whatever floats your boat.
I tried to play the bagpipes, but the sound coming out was off kilter.
People who teach drivers' education are roads scholars.
The fertiliser business is a growing industry.
They served lunch at the auto repair shop, but I didn't eat it. It was full of carbs.
It was the first time she'd seen a live sponge on display, and she really soaked it in.
At the petting zoo I saw a sheep scratching itself. Turns out it had fleece.
When the bad poet stood in front of the judge, the judge thought the punishment should fit the rhyme.
Pythons go to great lengths to kill their prey.
What do you call committed bachelors? Heartful Dodgers.
When the presidential candidates campaign in rural areas, do they take a straw poll? When they campaign in forested areas do they give stump speeches?
I was upset with my wall climbing abilities, I just couldn't seem to get a grip.
My friend gave me a book about puns for my birthday and I loved it. It was two meaningful.
I tried to get friendly with the archer's daughter, butt after he threatened to clout and nock me about, I decided to bow out.
The other truck drivers discovered that he had been wearing French perfume - it was lorry hell.
When Peter Pan punches, they Neverland.
Einstein developed a theory about space, and it was about time too.
If gophers become extinct, the hole ecosystem will die.
A fisherman tried boxing, but he only threw hooks.
So my mate swallowed a typewriter. Now he's suffering from irritable vowel syndrome.
There was a contest on a slippery rock slope. I won in a landslide.
When I'm feeling tired at work I just use my smart phone to download a nap.
To insure his own survival, Bugs was aiming to see Elmer between two cross hares.
The chimney sweep wore a soot and tye.
New legislation forbids anyone but Santa's family dressing up as him, and you must be named in the related clauses.
The waiter was shocked when I asked for my salad to be served naked. I explained, no dressing please.
I like elevators they let me say jokes on every level.
Having my hair cut for free is the only fringe benefit I receive.
My attempt at starting a street market turned out to be fruitile.
The Hobbits were put in charge of collecting highway revenue because they're just so Tolkien.
Prosecution of the faulty limpet mine manufacturer began but the charges just wouldn't stick.
The state funeral remains to be seen.
What does a guy need to do on this site to get a pun posted? Put a stamp on it?
The seed company turfed out my idea for ready made lawn.
I just got my permit to harvest shrimp in the Antarctic. Now I have a licence to Krill.
I used to hate maths but then I realised decimals have a point.
If you need something done, call an electrician - they conduit.
The inventor of the incubator was the first hatch-it man.
A man was found dead in a vat of falafel condiment. Police are treating it as a hummuscide.
I don't find health-related puns funny anymore since I started suffering from an irony deficiency.
Did you hear about the fire at the shoe factory? A thousand soles got burned, some heel did it while he was laced.
'I am presently employed', said the gift wrapper.
I just bought a pair of bad frequency shoes. I keep doppling over and my foot hertz.
Coin counterfeiting is a bad mintin' racket.
A funeral ship is a sea hearse.
The man had grounds for complaint after his wife had a harrowing time with a rake at a garden party.
He is an excellent soup maker. You might say he is consomme professional.
Due to censorship, prison messages are often taken out of context.
The word 'ovine' means just like ewe.
If I am afraid of losing my fat tissue. My psychiatrist told me I have an adipose complex.
A mathematician that couldn't stop adding up recently went incremental.
If an Egyptian tried to make me sail the long way round I'd Suez canal.
If I had to guess, he was drinking a tequila surmise.
He learned a new Tantric at the sun clinic.
Outsourcing my favourite ketchup can not have been easy.
Jill broke her finger today, but on the other hand she was completely fine.
Smaller babies may be delivered by stork but the heavier ones need a crane.
I'm not a big fan of archery. It has too many drawbacks.
Mummies are bound to be uptight.
My student was late for class, claiming he was in the washroom. I think he was stalling.
I only listen to waltzes 3/4 of the time.
Pencil sharpeners have a tough life - they live off tips.
If you invite an insomniac to your pajama party they will be up for it.
You know prices are rising when you buy a winter jacket and even down is up.
An undertaker can be one of your best friends, he is always the last one to let you down.
Did you hear about the new pinata? It's a huge hit.
My mom ran out of poultry seasoning so she winged it.
Mooning is lunacy.
The dress didn't feel right - it was sarong.
If chickens could choose any car at all to be given to them, they would choose a free Range Rover.
Cloning is a nil conceived idea.
The Mafia decided to include beauty salons in their business and started a campaign of blacknailing.
His lofty eye deal was to provide free contact lenses for Giraffes.
I would love to axe you a question, but it wouldn't be very knife of me to interrupt you.
No one knew she had a dental implant until it came out in a conversation.
The patron saint of poverty is St. Nickeless.
Weight loss mantra? Fat chants!
You want to clone yourself? Now wouldn't that be just like you!
It's a lengthy article on Japanese Sword Fighters but I can Samurais it for you.
The guitarist passed out on stage, he must have rocked himself to sleep.
He had a difficult time bouncing back from his bungee cord accident.
I can't find my rutabaga. I hope it will turnip.
There was an archeologist who made no bones about digging dirt up on people.
Now that the water slide is built, it is time to give it a dry run.
My famous bacon soup recipe began as an add hock meal.
Losing your head in an emergency is a no brainer.
The aspiring limbo dancer overcame his fear of crowded bars, becoming a significant underachiever.
I met two policemen in a lift, I realized then I was going down.
Whenever the Tyrannosaurus Rex would participate in an egg hunt he would always come up short-handed.
The cannibal hitman preferred take out food.
A glide-path is a soar spot.
An Electrician's work is well grounded.
I'm not happy with this Origami clothing. It always looks creased no matter how carefully I fold it.
The priest was very stern during the service last Sunday. After church I was distressed. I then realized that we had experienced critical mass.
The experienced carpenter really nailed it, but the new guy screwed everything up.
I once heard a joke about amnesia, but I forgot how it goes.
I usually take steps to avoid elevators.
My tennis opponent was not happy with my serve. He kept returning it.
I probably have blind spots, but I don't see them.
He has been a jogger for three years running.
I got a gold filling and put my money where my mouth is.
After winter, the trees are relieved.
With circular arguments the possibilities are endless.
I used to meditate a lot, but now I only do it every now and zen.
The royal pharmacist wore a tuxedo and dispensed with formalities.
That soil scientist always travels by himself. He's a loam ranger.
I got a nasty electric shock the other day, but I wasn't phased.
Instead of engaging in my own hobbies, my wife has me constantly helping her in her garden. I guess you could say I am pistil whipped.
Derringer had one shot at fame.
Had a blood test the other day, it took a lot out of me.
The gravity was so powerful, I couldn't stand it.
I tried break dancing in a china shop and got bullish results.
Moon gazing is mare lunar-sea.
Epitaphs are engraved!
Henry the VIII portrayed the monarchy badly. This gave birth to the concept of the 'royalty-free image'.
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
There was a big paddle sale at the boat store. It was quite an oar deal.
When I asked the man how he became a ditch-digger, he said he just fell into it.
My brother told me that serpentine is what you use to get paint off a boa constrictor.
Ever since my mineral extraction facility was converted to parking, I've had a lot on my mine.
A chiropractor's patients must crack under pressure.
I got kicked out of cartoon art school. I guess you could say I was in suspended animation.
Helicopter rescue pilots have the most successful pick-up lines.
Interest has such accrual way of accumulating.
My brother is a logger, the job can get pretty dangerous. He hasn't had an injury yet though, knock on wood.
He has a soft spot for playing hard ball.
My friends call me Mesa because of my big butte.
The weather man said there won't be any rain for 6 months, but I drought it.
A Cajun restaurant made all their sauce on one day for the week. The cook roux'ed the day.
The circus strongman had a brief affair with the contortionist, but she broke it off.
A good wine starts with a good grapevine. A good cheese starts with a good bovine.
Where do pancakes live? In a flat.
The shy bat liked to keep to himself and stay under the radar.
A relief map shows where the restrooms are.
When the head of the consulting team suggested that the canal around the castle be filled up with cement, he was demoted.
If you lose your hearing, is it ear replaceable?
I wrote a novel about a fellow who had a small garden. It didn't have much of a plot.
I finally got rid of that nasty electrical charge I've been carrying. I'm ex-static!
I was kicked out of math class for one too many infractions.
The weigh-in at the Sumo wrestling tournament was a large scale effort.
I didn't have the faintest idea as to why I passed out.
The race dogs got a bad case of the fleas - they had to be scratched.
The patient decided against an organ transplant. Instead, he changed his mind.
Cows make noise only when they're in the mood.
There was a sale at the fish market today. I went to see what was the catch.
When asked whether or not I was bilingual, I was about to say I knew sign language, but I figured it was sort of a mute point.
Short-order cooks in busy restaurants call themselves 'pressure cookers'.
I think my dad was frightened when he started using Rogaine. He said it was a hair-raising experience.
My mate swallowed a cordless vacuum cleaner, they took him to hospital and he is picking up nicely.
The bridegroom got to the church when he was supposed to. He was at the rite place at the rite time.
Missionaries like open hooded cars because they are convertible.
To disparage the wind is disgusting.
I told my wife I thought the electrician had said he'd be over by noon, unless I got my wires crossed.
Reading music makes me crotchety.
I've never taken an elevator to the basement floor, that's just beneath me.
I went to the store to buy some soup but they were out of stock.
Never make fun of a Scotsman's traditional garb. You could get kilt that way.
Two florists got married. It was an arranged marriage.
I almost got my haircut then I thought I'd mullet over first.
I'm trying to find a rope tying class, should I look for a knot for profit organization?
The British cannibal enjoyed snacking on fish and chaps.
I like my statistical data median rare.
You can never rely on jigsaw puzzles. They always end up going to pieces.
I know a pun about Beethoven, but I won't say it because it would just fall on deaf ears.
The lamb was cold because he lost his muttons.
The ghost never took sides during arguments. He was super neutral.
Bridge tolls have increased significantly over a 5 year span.
I recently got a job at the office for national statistics, but I'm only there to make up the numbers.
The board game enthusiast was ecstatic, you could say he was in pair of dice.
It's a cut-throat world working in the otolaryngologist's office.
When my father took the whole bannister down including the newel, he deleted the post.
Synchronization of gears in modern bicycles is cognitively demanding.
I had a dream last night about some cheese chasing me. I think I'm having halouminations.
I like marching songs, in any month.
If towels could tell jokes they would probably have a dry sense of humor.
My grade in Marine Biology is below sea-level.
The store keeps calling me to come back and buy more bedroom furniture, but all I really wanted was one night stand.
I used to do balance and rotations at an auto shop. I felt like I was just spinning my wheels and decided to retire.
My neighbor just got the part for Scrooge in a local performance. I'd love to go see him, but that play scares the Dickens out of me.
I quit gymnastics because I was tired of hanging around the bars.
The fish were shy - obviously koi.
The drug dealer added sugar to his marijuana to sweeten the pot.
So I understand they've developed polyethylene sails for boats now. I guess it's clear sailing from here on.
What do you call the garden police? Lawn and Order.
I crossed a cell phone with a skunk, and now the service stinks.
The almanac of famous ghosts is a real Boos Who.
After 10 pints I was dangerously weaving in the middle of the road. I thought it would probably be safer to make the basket at home.
Are people that live in both the Arctic and Antarctica called pollsters?
The key to changing your performance ability is by tuning out criticism and staying musically octave.
Attila was coaching a soccer team. He wanted them to win, but his Huns were tied.
Tennyson wrote a series of poems about a lazy monarch. He called it 'Idles of the King.'
Hogs are taken to slaughter by the hearsemen of the aporkalypse.
The airlines have become so cash-strapped, they charged me for my emotional baggage.
With the apocalypse approaching, armageddon out of here!
I made a batch of fish eye soup, it should see me through the week.
He won the twister contest hands-down.
After periodic doubts about his vocational calling, the young chemistry teacher concluded he was out of his element.
The race horse went lame early. It was the first out of its gait.
The church choir robes were too long and needed to be hymned.
Some mathematicians are reluctant to cosine a loan.
Most pipe dreams just go down the tubes.
Since I went to work in the plumbing department of the home center, I have developed a multi-fauceted personality disorder.
When I was a carpenter, I specialized in installing bathroom fixtures. I am very proud of all my vanities.
He, who survives embalming, truly has esprit de corpse.
What do you call the ticket inspector on a maglev train? A superconductor.
Was Noel Coward afraid of traditional Christmas music?
She wanted the large estate quite badly but, she dared not mansion it to her frugal husband.
A reciprocating saw is a saw that gets borrowed and returned among neighbors.
One of the joys of being a lightweight is that commuting by wind is a breeze!
Being a fire-fighter ignited my interest heavily.
The philosophy student got an 'F' the day he forgot to turn in his Hume work.
Every November, Mark, a member of MENSA, wishes his peers 'Happy Thinksgiving!'
I think Santa has riverfront property in Brazil. All our presents came from Amazon this year.
I try wearing tight jeans, but I can never pull it off.
I knew a woman who owned a taser, man was she stunning!
Did you see the movie about the hot dog? It was an Oscar Wiener.
The painter was hospitalized due to too many strokes.
I missed my miniature Indian musical instrument practice last night. I couldn't find a baby sitar.
I got a small ticket for speeding. It's fine with me.
Two coin collectors got together for old dimes sake.
I once knew a guy who had fish and chips every day for a year. His stomach took a battering.
"Have some chocolate covered cherries," she said cordially.
I dated a politician over the holidays but when I wrapped myself up as a present, he couldn't cut through the red tape.
I went and saw the Hobbit, it put a Smaug look on my face.
He frequently practices furtive looks to operate at peek efficiency.
'I agree with you wholeheartedly,' said the artichoke grower.
I was in the linen trade, but gave it up. Too much toile.
When I found out that the fire department was charging $75.00 per table for their craft fair I told them they could go to blazes.
The dermatologist and his wife enjoyed the backyard BBQ, while their children played a game of skin tag.
What do you get if Basil Brush is eating a four cheese pizza and he catches fire? Mozzarella FireFox.
The comedian stopped at the fabric store on his way to a comedy gig. He was looking for new material.
My friend was fired from his job at the road department for stealing. I have to say I saw it coming. The last time I was at his house all the signs were there.
When the Dalmatian ran away, he was spotted two blocks from home.
The family of bears posing for their family portrait experienced a true Kodiak moment.
Some people take beautiful pictures and cut them into pieces. That's a puzzle to me.
Can a physicist read the periodic table? Isotope so.
My cartography job is really going to put me on the map.
How does the earth get clean? It takes a meteor shower!
The Naked Wood Company gets a lot of unfinished business.
I was looking for watch batteries but I wound up at a clock shop.
Set your drink on a skateboard, they make good coasters.
Even on Easter Island, most folks would rather croon an oldie than Rapa Nui.
Because they moved into an apartment, they didn't need to cut the grass any mow.
My wife's dad spends a lot of time in the bathroom. He is my Father in Loo.
Philosophers are very Hume-orous people.
Automatic machines that compete in sculling are rowbots.
When the shoe store owner discovered that someone had broken into his store, the police pumped him for information.
I hate cliff-hangers! Do you know what I am going to do about it?
When the window fell into the incinerator, it was a pane in the ash to retrieve.
People are choosing cremation over traditional burial. It shows that they are thinking out of the box.
The ancient Romans only gathered once a week, because that was enough forum.
Historians have extra-century perception.
Mischievous lambs post their videos on Ewe Tube.
The debate about unmanned aircraft strikes just keeps droning on.
My friend and I are going to ride our bikes to a house party because I don't think we could handle bars.
Tried some bear stew. It was a little grizzly.
When I got the bill for the engine rebuild, I blew a gasket!
What do you call a spittoon in a wine bar? Grape expectorations.
When the goat ate a Scrabble set, the letters came out in alphabetical ordure.
The two geologists lived only a stone's throw apart.
The winter drive-by shooting was a slay ride.
If I think I've seen an idiot before, is that a case of deja fool.
I think I screwed up with the construction. I couldn't nail it.
I must have had the chalkboard flu because today I feel remarkable.
The cemetery is the dead centre. It's where the local bodies meet.
My father's father wanted to know if he could stay with the company in spite of the many changes. They ended up grandfathering him in.
A shotgun is an exhausted rifle.
The movie about the mobile home was advertised with a trailer.
Some clockmakers are normal, but others are a little cuckoo.
Obituaries of those hanged in the old west used to be posted in the noose paper.
The ophthalmologist was called to testify because he was the only eye witness.
I tinted my hair today. It was the highlight of my day.
I never liked befriending assassins. They're all backstabbers.
I went to the theatre, it looked a bit suspicious. I reckon the whole thing was staged.
I'm a secret hoarder. Ive kept that to myself.
The inept psychic attempted clairvoyance but just couldn't get intuit.
My pet turtle died. I'm not upset, just shell shocked.
What did one plant say to another? What's stomata?
The politician is not one for Indian food. But he's good at currying favors.
The charges of the otolaryngologist was exorbitant, I had to pay through the nose!
I fired the floor refinishers. They simply could not hold their lacquer.
A harp that was shaved is a bare-faced lyre.
When my husband asked me if I wanted a new alarm clock I said I was set.
I went to Cairo, but I don't remember if I saw the river or not. I wonder if I am senile.
The bald man decided to consider a hair transplant to rogaine his confidence in looking younger.
The exhibitionist went to the store because he heard they were having a flash sale.
A plastic surgeon who specializes in breast implants is a front end manager.
Tube tyres are not a patch on tubeless ones!
I really wanted a camouflage shirt, but I couldn't find one.
I like wool gathering for the shear joy of it.
A no-fly zone prohibits zippers.
I always believed my body was a prison for me. I was right, in biology I learnt they were made of cells.
Rental agents offer quarters for dollars.
The Chinese chef maliciously dumped a hot broth with dumplings on an obnoxious customer. It was a wanton soup attack.
The landscaper thought gardening magazines were fun to leaf through.
The soprano was very optimistic and always left her friends on a high note.
When the wino suspected his muscatel was watered down, he needed more proof.
I was caught studying the periodic table in English class. It was an elementary mistake.
What do you call a person rabid with wordplay? An energizer punny.
When I went to the International Club, I accidentally spilled coffee on a Hindu lady's dress. I told her I was very sari.
Due to inclement weather, the sandwich shop wrapped up early Tuesday night.
I heard the AAA meetings are pretty charged up!
The futile search for magnetite became a wild gauss chase.
The Vatican's supplier of duck eggs is elected by sacred balut.
My coach got stung by a bee. The next day he had hives.
Issue of first day cover almost ended in a stampede.
Our Boy Scouts' knot-tying class went off without a hitch.
I went to a buffet dinner with my neighbor, who is a taxidermist. After such a big meal, I was stuffed.
The portrait artist made extra money as a census taker. He was good at canvasing people.
I tried my first soft drink. It was sodalicious!
A doctor who became a bartender was always giving out shots!
The two pianists had a good marriage. They always were in a chord.
'Because' is a word to the whys.
After 5 years with the same chiropractor, I moved and had to change doctors. It was quite an adjustment.
The grammarian was very logical. He had a lot of comma sense.
Soup operas were the big winners at the Cans Film Festival.
The most popular operation for orthopaedic surgeons is upper-leg surgery: very hip.
Even covered in salad dressing my lettuce looked bare, so I put some cloves on it.
The passenger couldn't find where his next flight was, but then he made the connection.
When Plato discovered he was out of food, he decided to go shop at the stoa.
The gunman took a shot at new opportunities.
The author's lawyer defended her rights in the book case.
'Did you remember to buy me the coffee with ice cream inside it?'. 'Oh I'm sorry, affogato!'.
My new girlfriend and I are moving together into a tree house, I hope we won't fall out.
When all my electrical engineering friends at the baseball game did the wave, it was almost like having a phased-hooray.
Podiatrists like legumes and tomatoes!
Tying up a circle may take a lot of chords.
The shoemaker did not deny his apprentice anything he needed. He gave his awl.
Did you hear about the crime that happened in a parking garage? It was wrong on so many levels.
The trampoline was on sale for fifty per cent off. Needless to say I jumped on the offer.
I heard Einstein got along well with his parents ... relatively speaking.
To me the end result of a can-do attitude is positively candid.
During the trial, a lawyer objected to the audiologist's testimony, calling it hearsay.
Shopaholics never die, they just sale away.
A pun spun with a good yarn gets fabricated!
Bauxite refining is a secret carefully guarded by the aluminati.
Did you hear about the farmer who got attacked by a cow? He milked it for all it was worth.
What kind of flooring do alligator hunters use? Reptiles!
The land where movies are made is called reel estate.
The mother kangaroo tried to instill good financial habits in her baby. She told him to pocket all his allowance.
His job in the city sewers ended when he got smell shock and succumbed in the stenches.
I opened a shop selling budgerigars. They're flying off the shelves.
Conjoined twins aren't the only twins with special connections.
It's tough to know exactly what some philosophers looked like. Sometimes the only way might be to ex-Hume them.
Surprises is the knight in charge of awards.
A silk tie can make a winsome Windsor.
Dentists on death fill their last cavity.
I was struggling to figure out how lightning works then it struck me.
A butcher was trying so hard to be funny, but he just wasn't making the cut.
The concert violinist believed in exercise, consequently, he was fit as a fiddle.
A Hall of Fame recently opened to honor outstanding female soldiers. It was a WAC's Museum.
The copyright law is a statute of imitations.
I had a novel idea for a new book but got in a bind so I shelved it. It's time to start a new chapter now.
Just after thimbles were invented there was a shortage, so many people got stuck without one.
The circus performer pulled his trapezius muscles and now he is flying high on pain meds.
Superconductive materials should be properly stored in an ohmless shelter.
Finding all possible logical relations between a finite collection of sets is not a matter of If but Venn.
A cannonball is a party for artillerymen.
The origami artist won the court case because he was good with paperwork.
Cash cows control bull market stocks!
The baseball pitcher's personality needed some polish. He was a diamond in the rough.
Of all sports humor, football is my favorite. I get a kick out of the punts.
When the town removed billboards, they told people that's how it was designed.
Capon is the main ingredient of chicken castratori.
Vertical living is flat dwelling.
How can you get a drywall plasterer to finish the job? They barely start and then they stop.
Always trust a glue salesman. They tend to stick to their word.
Back in the days when the guillotine was first used, people wondered, is this what we may beheaded for in the future?
I can't drink milk. I lactose genes required to digest it.
Since I've taken the job in The Everglades I've been swamped!
After hours of waiting for the bowling alley to open, we finally got the ball rolling.
The crusty, ill-tempered baker was a scone's throw from becoming toast.
The international jewel thieves were hard to catch because they had a good ring leader.
I love you mower today than yesterday, but not as mulch as tomorrow.
To make sure cargo trucks aren't too heavy, police operate on the principle that where there's a wheel there's a weigh.
The cat burglar was accused of felineous intent.
I suspected our new house guest was a terrorist. He asked to sleep on a blow up mattress.
Did you hear about the man who was jabbed in the back with a set of keys? His back locked up.
When video arcades switched to a system of tokens, there was no quarter asked or given.
The pilot was a loner but even for him flying a drone was just too remote.
A car can't make you high, but can a bus?
When the snake charmer wanted to get dressed up, she put on an extra garter.
The hotel chef was noted for his tomfoolery and his capers.
I told the psychiatrist that I was afraid of strangers talking about the founder of stoicism. He said I had zenophobia.
As a drug counselor, I get clients by refeeral.
A tennis exponent always has a gut feeling beforehand that he will beat his opponent.
When my granddaughter lost her baby molar she was demolarised and brushed the tooth fairy claim.
I tried to look up impotence on the Internet but nothing came up.
What happened to the rich guy with the double chin? He made a four chin.
When I suffered a groin injury I became quite testy.
The feather dancer was rushed to the hospital. Her boa constricted her.
Workers in an upholstery business demanded a wage hike to cushion the high cost of living.
The boy who got electrocuted was unable to give a statement because he was still shocked at the incident.
When the investor came home from work he was spent.
Why did the agricultural presentation go so smoothly? They planted questions.
The coin artist promised he'll change his profession to something noteworthy.
The marine biology student took a math course called algae-bra.
Some doting parents are son worshipers.
The cartoon animator felt imprisoned by his job. He could not free himself from his cel.
The seaside Chinese buffet with free wi-fi was named The Baudwok.
When the rubber market bounced, it was latex news.
Guerrilla warfare is more than just throwing a banana.
A summer is a mathematician.
We should make a beer commercial. It sounds simply intoxicating.
If a fraternity open a coffee shop they would specialize in fratacinno.
In a club filled with booze, I make the crowd cheer.
My skiing skills are really going downhill.
Did you hear about the lost sausage? It was the missing link.
How do construction workers party? They raise the roof.
The nudist was acquitted of indecent exposure because nobody could pin the wrap on her.
While practicing the drums in the bassment, the boy fell, hit his head, and got a percussion.
The electrician worked hard to get in shape so he could perform with Circuit Soleil.
I really regretted the inconsiderate comment I made. It was rued.
How does a card player party? They shuffle.
Shakespeare had to get his act together to finish his play.
I used to enjoy steak and cheese with my eggs, but it's all ova now.
Why did the car cross the river with the boat? It was a ford escort.
The geologist went to the doctor because he had a loss of apatite.
Have you heard the joke about the bomb? It had no impact.
I wonder how much an anagram weighs?
Dermatologists are very competitive. They all have skin in the game.
A weeknight is a tiny nobleman.
Why was the orange sad? He had peelings for the apple.
If you try and steal some meat from someone at a restaurant, a schnitzel tell on you.
Primate grandmothers look stylish in a baboonshka.
I heard about this new governing document that says people can only go to the bathroom one per day. It's called the Constipation.
The other day I held the door open for a clown. I thought it was a nice jester.
I wanted to bring a penguin home but my parents said that wasn't going to fly.
I was scrambling for another egg joke, but I can't seem to whip one up. Guess I'm a bit fried.
Why do people study gravity? It's a pretty attractive field.
I chose my gastroenterologist based on gut feeling.
When the spammer's computer exploded, it blew him to kingdom.com.
I thought Santa was going to be late, but he arrived in the Nick of time.
Yesterday I was on the computer, I couldn't find the Esc and I lost Ctrl.
People who listen to long political speeches are bulldozers.
Yesterday my fridge thought it was a microwave, so we got into a heated fight. But we're cool now.
The best floor exercise gymnasts come from Palm Springs.
The roulette dealer had a unique personality. He had a different spin on everything.
I have invented crockery that comes to me when I whistle. My cup runneth over.
When the Aztec warrior was about to be punished severely, he was so sad he was disheartened.
What is it called when Legolas takes his own picture? An elfie.
Classical music is better than Mozart forms.
He thinks octopi are creepy, and he makes no bones about it.
Popeye had just finished plucking a goose when a gust of wind scattered all of the feathers. He said, 'Well, blow me down.'
The retired general would not help his grandson color Easter eggs, but he did give the boy some cottage cheese. Old soldiers never dye, they just feed some whey.
Mammals rarely marry monotremes, echidna ewe knot.
Luridly sailing by the clock on a sea of mucus is a phlegmbuoyant pastime.
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.
This year I made my Christmas wreath out of Franklin Fir branches. I really like a wreath of Franklin.
Some cardinals got their feathers ruffled when the pope gave away the church's nest egg to the poor.
An instructor at an ice cream parlor is a sundae school teacher.
The stripper was getting tired of the same old thong and dance.
Drivers who speed in the snow often find themselves adrift.
I'm not very versed in writing songs, so I refrain from doing it.
When the doctor asked the editor how he was doing, he said he had a problem with his circulation.
I simply must find a new podiatrist. My podiatrist has developed such a callus attitude.
What do you call a musician who steals sheet music? A clef-to maniac.
To add to the punishment, Satan made all the tormented souls listen to elevator music. The Hells Are Alive With the Sounds of Muzak.
'I got lost in the streets of Paris,' he said ruefully.
I thought I packed a memory card for my camera, but I forgot it.
We're expecting fallout from the recent layoffs at the nuclear plant.
Did Gregor Mendel ever win the Nobel Peas Prize?
Which illness are witches most prone to? Crone's disease.
Why are all businessmen fat? Must be all the inflation.
'Volts' - the dance you perform after an electric shock.
When you purchase stuff south of the border, you don't Peso much.
I've always pictured myself taking selfies.
As the farmer passed the gorgeous woman he did everything he could to a tractor attention.
My dog swallowed my engagement ring. I ended up with a diamond in the ruff.
I'd tell you a joke about a cow but I always butcher it.
Studying earthquakes rocks, but sometimes it is not always what it is cracked up to be.
Motel operators never die, they just check out.
The dermatologist was an avid gardener but he had a problem with moles.
The owner of the hair salon had to make cuts on his staff.
When milking a nervous goat, kid gloves should be used.
A high-class Lakota cook is a Sioux chef.
Neuter your dog - an ounce of prevention is better than a pound of curs.
One day my friend asked me, how do you take such good care of your saxophone. I responded with tenor, love and care.
The ice at the rink has many ruts. I think the maintenance crew is slipping up.
The author in northwest Alaska used a pen name. It was a Nome de plume.
For relief during cosmetic surgery they use an aesthetic.
The geneticist taught his students how to mendel defective genes.
The Crimean cannibal loved Tatar tots.
The triglyph commented, 'It's friezing in here.'
My friend's bakery burned down last night. Now his business is toast.
My dog has a lot of potential, you just have to unleash it.
I used to have a fear of boats, but that ship has sailed.
When the statistics professor and the math professor wrote a cookbook together, they called it 'Pi A La Mode.'
Did you hear the one about the woman who threw her toaster away because it kept burning the bread? She was black toast intolerant.
Old carpenters never die, they just lumber around.
The linen shop gave their employees free bedding. Even their accountant had his own handmade spread sheet.
A man who cannot read the sign that warns people from throwing garbage on the ground is illiterate.
I was overruled at the measuring competition.
Marriage is hard but divorce usually goes off without a hitch.
I find meditating on Descartes and Houdini so liberating, but the reason escapes me.
His head may have been 12 inches long, but he didn't use it as a rule.
If you accidentally leave your fly down on a promising date, does that count as a Freudian zip?
The professor's explanation of centripetal force was pretty down-to-earth but her explanation of centrifugal force just blew me away.
When I was starving to death, my children gave me a raisin to keep on living.
A curling iron is a permanent solution to a hairy problem.
An heir is someone with a descent wage.
Married hang man were the best at their job, they knew how to tie the knot.
Did you hear about that Buddhist leader who retired and tended his crops? He's now known as the Dalai Farmer.
I tried hard to get into vexillology, but, in the end, had to flag it away.
The lumberjack loved his new computer. He especially enjoyed logging in.
I refuse to work with compost, it's degrading.
When the pharmacist found out her husband was having an affair it was a hard pill to swallow.
The farmer was surprised when his pumpkin won a blue ribbon at the State Fair. He shouted, 'Oh, my gourd.'
What do you call a pig in a rickshaw? Pulled pork.
The new drive-thru restaurant for golfers insisted on putting greens in all their courses.
I'm reading a book about black holes by Stephen Hawking, it really draws you in.
An embrace at a nudist colony is a bare hug.
My wife wanted me to take her to visit Northern Canada but I was having Nunavut!
My fear of planes has taken off.
I got a job with a company that manufactures trampolines. Now I'll have something to fall back on.
The wolf tried to sing, but he didn't know howl.
Textile workers who lived at the manufacturing site in fabricated dwellings were closely knitted.
A German vegetarian drives a Volks Vegan.
I held the door for a mime the other day, I thought it was a nice gesture.
I read a poem about wind, it was a blast!
My mom asked me what kind cheese I wanted, and I havarti made my decision.
A bunch of robins followed the priest wherever he went. Birds of a father flock together.
What do hedgehogs eat for breakfast? Prickled eggs.
I don't use too much wine in making charosis for Passover, lest I get charosis of the liver.
People might think I'm a bit of a square, but that just means I'm exactly right on every angle.
I'm reading a book about mazes, I got lost in it.
What's the best way to serve a stack of puncakes? Syruptitiously.
On Valentine's Day flower prices rose to the occasion.
A plumber's pipe dream was to tap all his resources to become multifauceted.
The home for rich squirrels is The Nutcracker Suite.
Earl Grey was away on business during the election. So he cast an absent-tea ballot.
My blind date's not looking good.
When Australian sheep get lost, they bleat around the bush.
The sledder who got injured realized that his wounds were more than he tobogganed for.
If you make candles you are going to need a lot of paraffin-alia.
The constables held the boat thief at bay.
The best street for locating a gas station is Fillmore Avenue.
A new computer shop has just opened up. It is located on Boot Drive.
My computer's mouse wouldn't work. Then it clicked.
An avionics warning is a flier alarm.
The boxer wasn't a good comedian. He can't find the right hook.
The trout got caught by the fisherman. Now he's in a boatload of trouble.
Digest is morbid humor.
I don't trust these stairs because they're always up to something.
The tarantula found his partner online. He spider on the web.
The termite wanted to lose weight, so he started eating more lattice.
Do birds know where they're going when they fly south for the winter or do they just wing it every time?
My elderly aunt loves telling jokes while she knits. She is a real knitwit.
What do you get when you cross a snake and a plane? A Boeing Constrictor.
I've been trying to come up with a joke about a Mobius strip but I don't know where to begin.
The new jail tunnel was a runaway success.
My dentist would simply not stop working on my teeth. He was abscessive compulsive.
As the carburettor chuckled to the air filter, 'I guess the choke's on me!'
The optometrist ran for mayor because he was a visionary.
Does my great new smile denture ego?
The woodcutter stretched every morning before starting work. He was a limberjack.
Is a group of fingerprints considered to be a whorl pool?
When the plant couldn't absorb water properly he sought a xylem.
Tubeless is a product of tireless effort!
I've just read a book about a bean growing up in Southern USA. It's called The Adventures of Tom Soya.
A mosquito is the oldest known skin-diver.
I caught these potatoes smoking weed, one could say that they're baked potatoes.
What does a king eat while on his throne? Soup of the dais.
I like vegetables, but my friend doesn't carrot call.
I tried talking about our future but she just kept bringing up my past. It was a tense conversation.
You can't sing with a mouthful of garbanzo beans, so hummus a tune.
Funniness and cleverness have always been two notable factors for rating puns, but the third has groan in significance.
With copper unavailable, continued operation of the mint would make no cents.
People who lack the patience for calligraphy will never have properly formed characters.
I used to have a pet leech. It was attached to me.
The student had such a big assignment, he had to burn his kindle at both ends.
My trip to the Grand Canyon cost a hole lot of money and gorged my bank account butte it was worth it!
I gave my stressed out feline too much elixir. Now it's catatonic.
Crane drivers have uplifting pick-up lines.
The admiral's motto was, 'Do it schooner, not later!'
What is the name of the immortal adolescent? Constantine!
Hemlock is a special attachment on a sewing machine.
To use a computer to prospect for gold, you need to downlode.
The fruit farmer is berry competitive in his field.
Psychopaths always see amoral in the story.
The tap dancer's routine ran hot and cold.
In-laws are merger acquisitions.
I was terrified anaesthetising my first big cat, but I had to feel the fur and do it anyway.
The divers had to be careful, the octopus was heavily armed.
I don't like tops of stairs. They always bring me down.
The historian loves reading about bobcats. They are lynx to the past.
I had an account with a bank in the North Pole, but they froze all my assets.
I started dating the girl across the street. I know what people say, but honestly, lawn distance relationships aren't that hard.
The President of the Ennui Club was chairman of the bored.
The hairless goat wished that it had mohair.
Does working for UPS make you a professional boxer?
What was the leader of Russia's favourite food? Czardines!
Cartoons produced by the Japanese government are animes of the state.
If your doctor is a quack, you have every right to duck him on the bill.
I was too busy drinking to notice that all my cigarettes had gone ashtray.
The junior librarian was reincarnated as a bookmark because he always knew his place.
A fat pirate is a vast matey.
The misdirected astronaut wasn't exactly over the moon.
A yak is the star of an animal talk show.
The lazy musician was told to shake allegro or make himself scherzo.
Slimmers are all losers.
Global warming campaigners lament the invention of the infernal combustion engine.
On my chicken farm, I own the birds scratching around on the ground in the barn, but I am paying off the ones sitting on the roosts - they are on higher perches.
Broken puppets for sale. No strings attached.
I bought a ton of staples and pushpins all for $3.99, plus tacks.
When the cigarette lighter salesman tried to win back his old flame he found that he had met his match.
Deep cuts were made in the guillotine industry and heads rolled.
I shouldn't have plugged my iPhone into the PC at the kitchen. It's now in the sync.
The high school music teacher was quite controversial. He told his students to read band books.
When I opened the first snow-pea pod, one fell out and rolled under the fridge. One might say it was an escapea.
In ancient Egypt, papyrus farmers taught people the importance of reeding.
The best thing to carry with you when you start feeling tired is a knapsack.
The carpenter came round the other day, he made the best entrance I have ever seen.
Why was the broom having a bad day? He didn't get enough sweep.
When the drummer moved back in next door there were many repercussions.
The doors just broke, I could fix it, but it hinges on other things.
The forest had burned down, but now it's back by poplar demand.
Murder with knives is very messy, and I suggest not taking a stab at it.
Eastern European gymnast electrocuted in Pole Volt.
To the flat dwellers finding a level playing field was a complex issue!
He was so skinny, his shoulder-blade kept cutting his shirts.
The fraudulent caged chicken farmer gave himself free range with his egg labeling.
For those who enjoy a large port after dinner, try Rotterdam.
He sold a batch of release spray to someone in jail but it was just a silly-con.
If there was someone selling drugs in this place, weed know.
I was going to tell you a joke about infinity, but it didn't have an ending!
I planned to find my watch today, but I didn't have the time.
My son's spelling test consisted of synonyms of the word incorrect. He was able to write every wrong.
I felt super exhausted after giving blood. It's such a draining procedure.
I had a hand in the puppet show.
After manually rotating the heavy machinery, the worker grew very cranky.
My friend has orchestra as her elective. She likes that it's her last class so she can end the day on a good note!
I had a friend that collected police cars, ambulances and fire trucks. It was an estate of emergency when he died.
I just left the worst food themed theme park ever. Goodbye, Gruel World!
The European snow storm was so bad it caused a continental drift.
The bank robber looked so peaceful and innocent lying there under his big fluffy blanket. Just goes to show you, you can't judge a crook by his cover.
Where do Cockney bakers live? The Yeast End.
Do you need to draw money? I could offer you a pencil.
It's a clumsy reflection of yourself when you break a mirror.
Two frogs were asked if they were lying. They almost got away with it, but one croaked.
The Spanish author would not bring refreshments to his uncles, but he would serve aunties.
The knight stood on the shoulder of the road, looking at his disabled car. He shook his head and said, 'Chevrolet is dead.'
The girl quit her job at the doughnut factory because she was fed up with the hole business.
I heard the new auto body shop that opened comes highly wreck-a-mended.
Let's just enjoy the time that's hours.
Never ask a podiatrist for conversions to metric - he only knows feet.
I was thinking that hot air balloon operators don't make very good friends. Sure they can be uplifting at times, but in the end they always bring you down.
Why do ship captains understand their sons so well? They're able to fathom the depth of their buoys!
I went to go see the movie 'Shrek' last weekend, it was so ogre rated.
What kind of crime is committed when a bird is attacked? A featheral offense.
November: We start the month out stuffing ballots to elect some turkey, we end the month stuffing a turkey to increase our ballast.
The third degree is a diploma for successful criminals.
When the church posted the new, sped up service schedule on the plaza it was mass times acceleration squared.
I really would put my wife on a pedestal if she wasn't so afraid of heights.
After a berry successful attempt to produce a new line of crops, her dreams came to full fruition.
The sky has had its color since the first winds blue across it.
Two tropical fruits fought in a cage match - it was mango a mango.
If you want a big bang for your dollar, buying balloons is okay, but buying wood to build a fire works.
A cloud is most likely to snow when it's relaxed. At that time it's pretty chill.
Why did the farmer grow so many pumpkins? Because he was gourd at it.
Parking - an average sovereign.
The very cause for varicose veins for cops on beat duty at traffic intersections is 'Standing Orders'.
What do you call it when a bad-tempered old baker goes bankrupt? A curmudgeonly crumble.
A man just assaulted me with milk, cream and butter. How dairy.
I asked a librarian if she was free this afternoon, she said she was all booked up.
When our fraternity voted whether or not to permit alcohol, there was not a dry aye in the house.
How did Mister Nucleus escape from prison? Through the cell wall.
The testimony at the barbershop is mostly hair-say.
I decided not to go to Pisa, but I was leaning towards it.
If you can't differentiate a blue collar and white collar worker by his hands, it is callous indifference.
I drove around the Indianapolis Motor Speedway on my John Deere. I was on a track tour.
New lightbulb invented? Enlighten me.
The second hand clock shop had to wind up business as time ran out!
The thing about vampires is they always have such biting humour.
Two loaves of bread wanted to get married, so they eloafed.
It was boring to listen to the prisoner as he kept repeating how sorry he was for his crime. He was con trite.
By separating themselves from other species, the arctic animals became geographically polarized.
I searched for designer compression stockings. My wife says it is because I'm so vein.
After going litter picking I found I was very knowledgeable in litterature.
I yam always very happy to eat sweet potatoes.
Tacks have a very pin point way of hurting.
That cattle farmer is upset. He is raising kine.
The joke backfired, but it fired back again.
The leopard was so good at guessing. Every time he was spot on.
When the train conductor got unfairly railroaded by his boss, his life immediately began going down the wrong track.
Despite pressure to clean up their act, most dirtbags live in a vacuum.
The carpenter purchased his measuring stick at a yard sale last week.
A ship's captain is a sails manager.
Eating oysters can help you increase your mussel tone.
The church insisted on a new seminary graduate. They were looking for greener pastors.
My shrink assures me that my obsession with the formalization of puns is just a 'phrase I'm going through'.
We are out of light bulbs. Our home faces a dim outlook.
The next iPhone will be a huge 6s!
The rose gardener pedaled feverishly to the market last week to sell his flowers before they became a thorn in his side.
A hurricane is a stick used to encourage speed.
Sponges are easy prey for divers, lacking poriferal vision.
I need Gestalt reasoning like I need a whole in the head.
The Hungarian inventor bought a baby bear. It became known as Rubik's cub.
A South American element in 'The Princess Bride'? Incan-ceivable!
I shouted from a mountaintop in Italy and a famous author answered. I definitely heard an Eco.
Fifth columnists of the fourth estate rated third grade, play a second fiddle to conspirators with their first-hand information!
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know I wouldn't get a reaction.
The Rodent Club finished drafting their constitution, but it has yet to be ratified.
People who take a lot of selfies are just trying to save face.
Some people say I'm addicted to summersaults, but that's just how I roll.
The podiatry book used footnotes while the proctology book used endnotes.
It was really crowded at the diet doctor's office but then it thinned out.
I don't know why my eyeglass lenses were steamed up. I was mystified.
When it comes to nourishment, a boa's best friend is his smother.
Quasimodo bought a Ford Focus. It became known as the hatchback of Notre Dame.
When I was young, I wanted to study archaeology, but my dad thought it was nothing more than a lot of skullduggery ...
Snakes don't drink coffee because it makes them viperactive.
After a few beers on the plane, Charlie was flying high into the wild brew yonder.
Money laundering is a dirty trade for a clean profit!
A Valentine's Day card is a hearty note.
A carburetor specialist had manifold advantages to better his career!
The eye doctor claimed he was framed by an optical illusion when his patient wore contact lenses during recent exam.
The Hobbit was found at short notice.
Although there were bombs everywhere at the party, it was still a blast.
They say it's easy to get your mind around introspection.
I think my toothbrush has been stolen by a demon. Hells teeth!
Claustrophobic people are more productive thinking outside the box.
A sports coat worn on a hike is a trailblazer.
I had plans to begin reading a book about sinkholes but they fell through.
I wonder if you can get through the locks of the Panama Canal with Florida Keys?
What makes a pig pink? Pigment!
My cousin has a callus on only one foot. Does that make her a unicorn?
After the winter thaw, the entire neighborhood was able to start a slush fund for next year.
Why did the pig stop sunbathing? He was bacon in the heat.
I tried to finish the leftovers, but ... foiled again.
Where do caveman store their weapons? In the clubhouse.
I met a quantum physicist the other day, he had a few quarks.
Sailing is like oil drilling because they're both crewed businesses.
I tried to update my computer this morning but it wouldn't work. After several attempts, I had that syncing feeling.
Ash Wednesday follows Volcanic Tuesday.
The couple separated, for the wife had a stalemate.
Last night I dreamt of a babbling brook. I had a stream of unconsciousness.
To stop snow from entering your mouth in a blizzard you should grit your teeth!
